Am I live? Huh? Oopsie. Might have made a mistake. Don't need this anymore. Am I live? Yes or no? What else think it? YouTube.com. I'm live. I don't think I'm live. What? Okay. Oh, I am live. What the heck? All right. Just edit this really quickly. Perfect. Okay, we good to go. Um, okay. Hello everybody. I'm back. Um, I need to make a choice here about which team like my my team. Yeah. Um, I think what I want to do is change some things up. Let's trade this. Let's change Kangask. I don't need to do this fast, right? This is fine. Try that. And now I need to make a choice about our Caladon. That's the other thing. Do I want to use the same Arcadalon I've been using or do I want to change it up? Where's my Caladon? Here. And first of all, we should never do this. I'm not sure this is any better than Age of Slash. Sorry, I'm going to I'm going to lock in in a second. I'm just figuring out my team here. I guess we'll try this and then we can change it out if it doesn't work. Okay, cool. Hello everybody. So, uh, allegedly, allegedly, rank one has just opened up. Uh, sorry, allegedly the the the higher tiers in Master Ball have just opened up. Um, so we're going to give it a shot here. We're going to see how we can do um as we try and get there. But I I believe, and I could be wrong about this, but I believe that um Master Ball 3 2 1 and perhaps even champions champion tier are now open. Um, so our goal today is going to be to get out of Master Ball four and see how high we can climb. Um, we're going up against a player with a Charizard team. This could be either Charizard X or Y. I think that I should be using This almost makes me feel like it's Charizard X, by the way. Um, against Charizard, I don't know if I'm allowed to bring my Meganium, which is a little bit um, difficult. I definitely need Kangaskhan here. Tauros is pretty good. And then I could bring Tyloion or I could bring Aegis Slash. I'd have to watch over Cringe Gambit. This is probably okay. Watch out for Garchomp is a big deal. I think I need a Kaladon. Yeah, I think that Aegis Slash is good here, but I think I think I need a Caladon. I might need Taunt on one of these Pokemon as well. Yeah, we'll have to we will see if we win this game. We will see if the higher tiers are open. I really would like to bring like my my my game is so good here. It's just so bad in Charizard. I actually think that I was supposed to bring Meganium here. I defaulted into Kangaskhan, but I I actually think that I was supposed to bring Meganium. Also, I need to take longer. Let's see here. I should have taken longer. Yeah, I think I needed um I think I need Meganium for this matchup actually. Like Meanium is good into five of these Pokemon and just because they have Charizard, I didn't bring it. like that. That doesn't feel correct. Yeah, if I switch ages slash out to Arcaladon, my tricker match will become worse, which is bad. Although, I don't know how much Ais lash is even saving me right now with trick room. Let's see here. Okay, cool. My Loki Baskion leads. Okay, interesting. So, I can just fake out my Lotic uh protect here. That's one option. I like fake out my load. I can protect mega evolve. Figot protect. I should mega. That was just in case they're stream sniping. They're probably not. Nope. Definitely not. Whoops. I need to be careful here because if I lose my Aerodactyl, I'm going to have some pretty big trouble versus Charizard later. Here's Sucker Punch. It's good damage, but the nerf to Kangaskhan. You definitely feel it here. Scarf my Loic. Okay, scarf my loic locks into Icy Wind. All right, that's not what I was expecting. So, what's the item on Basil Legion then? OH MY GOD, IT'S so slow. I mean, it's still bad for me to be clear, but uh that's really funny. Okay. Uh okay. Okay. Okay. So, I mean, um h that's not what I was expecting. Scarf my loading. Okay. Here's Charizard. It could be Charax here. The nice thing is my Kang is really really bulky now. Um, I think I go for Tailwind here. And Tailwind and what? Tailwind and double edge is one option. Although I might freaking die. Be bad. I would love to switch here, but I don't think I I don't have anything in the back to switch into. Let's see if this is um Okay, it is Charizard Y. So, I guess we're just going to go for heatwave. I feel like in the sun it's probably in my favor, right? Or it's probably a good thing that sun is active. We go for Icy when they hit again. Uh Kangaskhan will live a heat wave here. I don't know if we'll live a weather ball. I could be in some trouble actually. Heatwave comes out, hits both, but Kang should survive cuz I made it bulky. Okay, I think we're going to end up in a two versus Oh, that didn't matter. Okay, we're going to end up in a two versus two here unless they Okay, I think I'm losing this. I get the Charizard here. Maybe I was supposed to protect Aerodactyl there. It was too risky to protect Aerodactyl cuz a lot could have backfired. The problem is I'm giving this my load a plus two boost now. Um, so here's the position. Sun is up, which is good for me, but the problem is that the last Pokemon could be one of many Pokemon that would really screw me over. And that's one of them. King Gambit comes in. So, my typeion is kind of just dead. It's going to come down to whether or not Tauros can solo here. I think cuz they're going to be plus my Loic. Yeah, this is kind of difficult. Like I was doing okay. I give them both. That's so bad. This is the worst taurus of all time. Scarfic Chopel King Gambit. Okay, I think I'm dead. I can protect King Gambit. I can protect um what's it called here? Tyloian. Ah, darn. Okay. Yeah, I think I lose. Yeah, I couldn't I couldn't do anything about this. Although Tauros, it's now Taurus isn't going to kill here, right? No way. Yeah, I think I need I need our Caladon. I think this is plus two Icy Wind. It's going to cancel out my white herb. It's going to do if it weren't If it weren't specifically if it weren't specifically Chobelberry. I could probably do it. Here's Chobleberry. This is not going to KO, right? No way. I'm jolly, actually. Oh, hold on. We got a game. We got a game. We got a game. The thing is, okay, crit. That might matter. The thing is, I think there's a chance I got to Icy Wind here. It's going to do over 50% more damage than it just did cuz now it's also Oh, wait. No, it was single target before. Three turns of everything left. Three turns of sun. So, we're going to protect here. I don't think I'm going to die. Icy wind. I've changed my mind. I'm going to protect, but I also don't know if close combat's going to KO. Icy Wind. Okay, two turns left. I'm going to close combat. And my thought process is if they survive. First of all, do I even live this? I should live. Surely. Surely I live. What do you think, chat? Okay, here's Icy Wind. It's powerful, but it's not that powerful. It's not very effective. Taurus takes it. Here we go. Okay, close combat comes out. He's going to KO. This Tauros popped off. This Taurus, this Taurus was MVP. This is uh the team from the new Meghanium video, but it is a little I've made a couple modifications. Um, including I replaced Arcaladon with Aegis Slash, but I think I need Arcaladon back because I don't have a good lead right now, unless it's a mega Pokemon. Yeah, Scarf My Lotic would have been really bad if was faster. Master Bolt tier rank one. Wait, I don't understand. Hello. I don't get it. I don't get it. I don't get it. I don't get it. I don't get it. Uh, we're going to swap this with our Caladon. Are there any items that I can give this thing? White herb, no is already used. Uh, lumbberry isn't used. That seems really bad. Chobelberry, dragon fang, these are all garbage. I actually used ruin clips in an upcoming video. Thanks for the dono. Um, the enchilada. Someone asked, "Do you think removing critical strikes to make the game a better competitive game?" I think it would make it a worse one. Um, that's my onion. Why are there no items in this game? Citrus berry hasn't been used. Chop berry. Is it bad that I think bright powder is correct? Okay, I'm going to give it leftovers because I think it does two things. Number one, it can help me get back to sturdy. They just released champions tier. Am I Wait, how come I didn't It didn't look like I ranked up though. Oh, was wait what? How do I get Wait. Uh, I'm confused. Oh, my ELO was high enough for Master Ball one. Oh, how do I get to champions? It didn't look like it was going up. I think this is pre-recorded. Incorrect. It literally just opened. So this is similar to my team except that they have their second mega is mega um del fox which is pretty bad for me. I would say I can do one two here. Oh yeah, having having our kaladon improves this a lot. Uh one two is okay. The thing is what do I bring in the back? Tauros is kind of not great here. Floian is not very good. Tauros is okay. Porros plus a mega. I think it might be Kang again, but let me think this through. Meganium is better versus their some of their Pokemon. Meanium is really good, but I have to get through this. Meanium can't touch their del fox. I think it has to be Kang Champion here's top 300. Oh, I did not realize. Oh, I not sure we're getting there tonight then. Terrible audio quality. Wait, why? Wait, why is it me or is it the game? Oh man, I'm pretty far away. Okay, Basil Legion, Aerodactyl is the lead. I'm going to lead Aerodactyl and our Caladon. So, okay, the good news is my Basil Legion really isn't threatened here. Bad news is that I mean I can rock slide just get the speed speed to win the speed high just went live protectless flash cannon seems reasonable to me here. Try and get rid of this arrow. Is it true you have to be masters in singles and doubles to get to champions tier? Audio sounds fine. I can move the mic a little closer. Is it still It's not in frame. Good. Okay, I protect my arrow. We don't want to see We We expect like Tailwind here. I would say Tailwind plus Flip Turn. There's flip turn. Great. They're locked on the field still. They go for Tailwind. So, I don't love seeding Tailwind here. It's certainly not ideal, but it's also not the end of the world. Here's Flash Cannon. We're going to take them into Sash if they have it. If they don't have it, then they're just dead. Okay, there's Sash confirmed. Awesome. And now that they've set tail one up when we got the sash, um I expect them to go for a rock slide plus flip turn here. So now I guess I guess actually gave me a crunchy. Yeah, it's I don't know what's up with my game audio. Sorry. I can try and I I'll try and restart the program after this match, but um for now I'll just do this. Uh they're going to switch, right? What do they have on this team that they can switch into? Dragon Pulse is pretty safe across the board. See, not Thunderbolt. I'll go for dragon pulse here. I appreciate the donut fuzz. Thanks very much. See, they should be flip turn. Yep. Into my Tauros. So, the nice thing about this is that if they have Delox as their mega, it's kind of not allowed to come in here. We confirm that it's scarf, by the way, because the Basilian attacked before their Aerodactyl. What are the odds we see cofferas in a future team? The coffer video comes out Thursday, I think. I think Thursday is embarrass mega gamora and then Sunday is mega or alligator I'm pretty sure is the order right now. That's what I filmed so far. So far and dragon mega dragon is tomorrow. Sneezler. Okay, so that's interesting. Sneezler comes in here. You have a rock slide. See how much this does. Is that enough to Dang, I'm out of I'm out of um leftovers recovery. Okay, Dragon Balls comes out. That's really good. Did a lot. You think that's an Aqua range? Probably, right? Sneezler's pretty low physical defense. Is our Cowadon's actually doing work? Okay. Uh Sneezler, Aqua Jet. No, it's actually not an Aqua range cuz I'm jolly. Huh. Um h okay, leftovers is actually pretty good here. The thing is I'm not really that threatened by anything. It could KO, which is not super likely to. I'm going to protect both. I think they're going to switch. Oh, they didn't switch. That's great for me. Okay, protect both my mons. Okay, I know I was kind of clowning on leftovers and thought, like I said, I thought it'd be bad, but it's actually been really good here. Here's dual wing beat. They actually don't even go for a uh whatever it's called. This combat comes out into my arch. Leftovers activates goes back to full. And now I'm going to go for Aqua Jet into Aerodactyl. And I'm going to go for dragon pulse into the sneezler. Yeah, this is pretty safe. My Taurus is applying a lot of pressure here. Also, our Caladon being back to full HP is a really big deal. I guess in theory in this specific matchup, stamina would have been better than than Sturdy, but that's okay. Yeah. So basically here the goal is to get to a position where we can get speed control in the late game. In order to do that, we really want to get rid of this Aerodactyl. Um getting it down to sash is part of the battle, but it's not the whole thing. Um okay, we get the Aerodactyl here. So that's really big. That means that Tailwind is now it's expired for them for forever. Um they will never get Tailwind again in this match unless there's a Pokemon that I forgot about. The thing is we haven't seen their last Pokemon yet. Here's close combat. That is going to take my Caladon down to Stury. Um but thanks to the leftovers actually, we're able to heal back enough so that we're still full HP at the end of this. So here's Sturdy. It comes out activates, drops both of their surventive stats. They're probably going to activate with the white herb here, but it's not going to matter because a dragon pulse is coming into the slot. Um, and we know the Sneezler is we know the Basking Legion is choice scarf. So, now what we have to do is we have to find a way to position um our Pokemon so that we have to find a way to position our Pokemon such that um we can win with like like Kangaskhan can always sucker punch Basil Legion, but it's not in range right away. So, we need to get a little bit of damage on it. As I recall, we need like I mean 20% would definitely be safe. if I don't know about what else. Let's see if this is negate. Oh, it's Del Fox. Okay, interesting. So, what we want to do here is we want to see what move the Del Fox locks into or the Basil Legion locks into. So, we're going to protect both of our Pokemon. Um, this looks like a passive do nothing play, but but in actuality, it does two things. The first is Scouch for what move Basil Legion wants to lock into, and the second one is Scouch for Adelfox Protect. Uh, it could backfire, but because I have Mega Kang in the back, I feel somewhat confident that this is a good play. Is our Kawadon a stapler? Deraladon is a stapler. I don't Is our Caladon a stapler? Let's see here. They're thinking about it. Our Chaladon. Oh, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Please forgive me. Okay, here's the mega. So, now they have levitate, which doesn't matter in this match up cuz I don't have any ground moves. Let's see what they go for here. Okay, they go for protect. That's perfect. That's exactly what we wanted to see cuz we want to be able to like Okay, here's what I'm thinking. I think they're going to lock into last respects in which case that means Kangaskhan is kind of like kind of invincible and will never die to Del Fox. Um they could have Encore, they could have um Nasty Plot, they could have sub. Oh, they lock Crash. Okay, interesting. All right. All right. Good. Yeah, good. That was a really good play from them because it means that what does that mean? I'm going to aqua jet the doll fox for sure. I feel like this is just better. Especially if they're taking recoil damage. I'm going to thunderbolt the basil legion. I don't think it's going to work. Uh but I'll do it anyway. How did I decide on this team? I just thought about what Meganium needed. Ooh, that's a lot of damage. That's rock slide range for sure. That's fake out range for sure. Uh they're going for wave crash. They're going to knock out my bridge, which is a bit of a pain. Don't love that. I think the worst case scenario here is that they go for sub. Sub would be a little annoying, but I think still doable. Psychic. Okay, great. Yeah, we want to get both our Pokemon in at the same time. That was the goal. So, Taurus is going to go down here, but Taurus has more than done his job. It did a ton of damage here. Um, now the question is what do we do? Okay, I think what we do here is we go into Aerodactyl and we go into Kangaskhan. I'm faster than Yeah, I'm definitely faster than this thing in Tailwind. Do you plan on only using the Beanium team? I was trying to build a new team. Um but uh like that's what I was doing for a couple hours earlier today, but I think I'm just pretty tired to be honest. Um and it didn't work. Like uh I was trying to build a mega croable team, but it didn't get to a point where I felt comfortable with it. So I feel like the Meganium team out of all the teams I've used is the best one. Um so yeah, I don't know. I I felt like it wasn't a bad a bad choice to use for this um challenge. But it seems like I'm pretty far away to be honest. So maybe we'll just get a little closer ideally and then come back tomorrow. My mega evolve. They don't protect. I think this is going to KO. It's going to be close. Not quite. That actually matters a lot that it didn't get the KO. Uh wave crash comes out into my Aerodactyl. That's probably better than the other option. Now, there's a lot of recoil going down. Um, the issue here is that I could in theory miss. I could miss my uh my sucker punch or my my rock slide, which would allow Del Fox to survive, but we do get the tailwind up, which is really big. And now what we can do is we can go for Okay, listen. If we hit the rock slide into the Del Fox, then we'll we will win. I I think it's very unlikely we lose at this point. Um, but it is technically still possible. It is technically still possible. Tailbox protects. Okay, that's really that might win us the game. If Sucker Punch KO's Bascul Legion, which I think it should, right, come on, Kang. All righty. Yeah, actually the Wave Crush recoil ends up putting in range of Sucker Punch. So, that's a pretty big deal, I would say. Uh, and now it should be guaranteed because now even if Aerodactyl were to miss, um, even if Aerodactyl were to miss, Ken can finish it off. So that should be that should be the game. Uh, I'll go for Rock Slide again and double edge is technically most optimal. Yeah, I think I think this one is is uh is is good. Okay. Rock Slide connects. Aerodactyl does it does its job and Del Fox goes down and that's another win. But I think we're Yeah, I think like I said, I think I think we're still somewhat far away from champion tier. Um, so it seems like the way the champion tier works, by the way, is that it's like the top 300 in Master Well. Um, which if id known perhaps I would have played played a few more games earlier, but that's okay. I've been really busy to be honest. Um, so now I'm number 466. As a general note, y'all, I'm I'm I'm I love interacting with chat. I'm I'm not interested in answering questions about individual Pokemon. Like, if you're like, "Hey, have you used this Pokemon or is this Pokemon good?" I know it's interesting to you, but I just don't think it's a very good chat experience. Like, I don't think it's a very good stream experience because everybody has a like there's so many Pokemon. And frankly, I'll answer some questions and then more people will come in and ask the same question. So, um you were like, feel free to ask. Maybe other people in chat will answer, but I will not be answering questions about individual Pokemon. That's my personal opinion. Sorry. Oh yeah, I have to fix my game audio. See, I'm going to quit out of this. See if relaunching it helps. Thanks for the dono, Jacob. They have the uh they have the flower. Okay, they have the flower. They have king cringe gamut. They have Vasulion, sneezler, talon flame. So that doesn't look good for me, does it? Um the nice thing is there's no incinor at least. Um, okay. So, I think my intuition is to do these two up front. Maybe no. I once again don't think I can bring I really can't bring Mecanium into this into Sneezler. Sneezler plus flow at I mean it's just the they have Talon flame too and Garchomp the Is this a Dlosian game or is this a Tauros game? They each have different strengths. Let's try this. Okay. Talonflame plus flow at that can't be good. Um, that can't be good. I think they're just going to go for Dazzling Gleam, right? I feel like I have two options here. I can either go Tailwind plus Flash Cannon, but that just gets me killed next turn. I think I'm going to go rock slide plus flash cannon here. Like I don't think that I have many good moves in this position from this lead. My goal is basically to just get as much damage on the flow as I can. maybe put in range of my mega kangaskcom sucker punch. But I think I think I'm actually in pretty big trouble here to be honest based on what I brought. Here's fairy aura. I don't think flash cannon is going to do all that much. There's tailwind. Okay. I didn't feel like I could match the tailwind in this spot. I would love to see moon blast. Moon blast is so much better than gleam. Yeah, they got they got the call right. Okay. I mean, it wasn't really a call. That was the best move. Um see if I hit the rock slide. I actually missed. That's devastating regardless. That's really bad. I missed the Pokemon I needed to hit. Okay, I wish I had steel beam. Yeah, that's pretty bad. Um, okay. I think with that I actually just can't I would have killed it. I would have killed it. I would have killed it. I would have killed it. Okay, that's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's good. That's okay. That's okay. That's okay. That's okay. Okay. Let's see who they go into here. It may still be winnable. I've got the mega. Like I I did more damage this turn. It's just I should have gotten them both. Okay, it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. Is the audio better, by the way? What do they have? King Gambit, Bascal Legion, and um Sneezler. I wish I had Tauros. If I had Tauros here, I'd be in such good shape. Yeah, without any priority on the field. Yeah, it's okay. I might I might still be able to win. It's a difficult matchup, but I I think I got rid of the tailwind center. Here's Baskil Legion actually. So, I'm going to go for rock slide here. Ah, nah, I'm going to Tailwind and protect, I think. Yeah, I'm tailwind and protect. Here's protect. So, there's two turns of their tailwind left that I need to get through somehow. I go for last respects actually into my Archaladon. Okay, go for moon blast. That's not good. Okay, it's bad. It's good and it's bad, right? Because it means that Baskil Legion actually can't touch my um means Bask Legion actually is not able to touch my um it can't touch my Kangaskhan. So, I could go for the fake out into the Fuette to try and get the KO here. I think my correct play is to sucker punch here and go for the dragon pulse. That can't be right. That's not good. What are all these nicknames? Oh, Sneezler. Okay, okay, okay. Hang on. Get the the mega evolution online. The question is, are they protecting Floette here? I think they should Aren't these all Katy Perry songs? They should protect Floatette. It'd be really risky uh not to. Okay, they go they go for the protect. So, my sucker punch does nothing, which is bad. But the good news is that what's the good news? I have dragon pulse. Okay, I have dragon pulse. It's a lot of damage to Sneezler. Little more leftovers recovery. Buster and a tailwind. Yes. Okay. So, here's what I'm thinking. I think they're going to go for like Should I protect here? Should I protect so I can go for heatwave next turn? I think that's better. Heatwave Thunderbolt. Yeah, I'm going to protect and switch. This could preserve. Like, I was thinking about just sacking our Caladon. Okay, they outplayed me. That's not good. Okay, it's not good, but it's also not that bad. My Tyloian is faster than their Basculian. They can't activate their The only thing they can do here is direclaw my uh Tyloian. That's That's what would really boom me. They go for FGO. Great. Okay, into our Caladon. So, nice play from them. Um here's the situation. Do I think shadow ball kills Bastille Legion roll? I'm going to go for heatwave and I'm going to go for thunderbolt. I'm going to go for heat wave and thunderbolt here. And my thought process is basically Aqua. Okay, that's what I thought. I live this Barely. Okay. As long as I hit heatwave, I win probably. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I get the Sneezler here, which is the important thing. Vascul Yes, I win. I win. I win because um because Vasculian's now locked into I probably win. Uh Era. Hey, our Cowadon is healing so much. Like my my my no bulkon is healing so much. Okay, I definitely just sack Tyloian here, right? I'm worried about Combind. Okay, what what's the trade-off here? I can switch TLOI out into Kangaskhan, which loses if they go for like a big attack like But I don't think I died to Moon Blast, right? There's no way because they're locked into Aqua Jet now. So if I switch tyloion to okay let's say I protect and sack here and go for heat wave they KO me and then Kangaskone comes in fake out plus take the aqua jet plus one gleam there's no way plus one dazzling gleam kills me right yeah whatever I'll wa here we don't even know if they have combined Okay, protect from Arcaladon who's doing work. They aqua jet into Tyloian. So, my thought process is basically I I'm only worried about the only thing I'm worried about here is commind. Great. Okay, then I almost I very nearly made the wrong play. I I extremely narrowly uh I almost I almost made the wrong play, but that's okay. I figured it out. Okay. And now what's nice about this is I get to go back into Kangaskhan. I get to go for I think the flow here though it doesn't really matter cuz they're going to protect. And then I go for a thunderbolt into Basil Legion to get the KO. Stamina plus Leftovers is so good. Yeah, stamina plus Leftovers is good, but that's not what's going on here. This is not stamina glade. I mean um our calant. This is a close one. This is really really close. This fluid has survived so much. How much how bulky is mega fluid? Is it going to die to kangaskhan? I tipped in mega. That does not help me. Okay, they Okay, that's it. You know, maybe it died to sucker punch. Nah, no way. There's no way he was dying. Okay. Yeah. And Arcaladon. Honestly, I've been really impressed with this Arcalodon. I I put it on and I was like, "Yeah, leftovers, whatever." But I mean, honestly, the fact that it healed so much over the course of the game made a really big difference. Okay, let's see some donuts. I missed Bandit. Thank you. Yeah, I do miss the real YouTube stuff. I I bring callbacks to it sometimes. Um, like Miley Dixon, thanks. Uh, I'm glad that VGC has felt more accessible to you. Um, that's great. Yeah, that's definitely my goal with uh Mythmaking content. Um, yeah, thanks very much for Yeah, I hope you have a good time while you're playing. So, yeah, it's a great game. Honestly, PGC is great. Um, okay. Question for me. I have to pee. That's the fact. Okay, I'll be right back. Just just a just a quick tinkle. I'll be right back. Heat. Heat. Okay. Sorry about that. The nature calls. Whatever. Whatever. Do you think Omni Ring implies Zeus and Dynamax return? Yeah, I mean I I think they will definitely come back at some point. Um, okay. This is an interesting team. This looks like a trick room team, which I don't really have answers for, but they also have the very scary mega Blastoise. The good news is that my Meganium is quite good here, but I do need to watch out for some of the big threats like the um Blastoise and the Sneezler is the big one. Okay, so let's do these two up front in the back. I think let's do I mean honestly our Caladon looks good here. I'm I'm I'm not just being I'm not just saying Arcadalon looks really good here. Maybe I lead our Kaladon instead of Meganium and bring Meganium in the back like so. The thing is like they're going to lead No, I have to lead Meganium because of the trick room threat. So I'll do these four. Nope, that's not what I wanted to be. Yeah, we have it's not a super long delay. We have a 30 secondond delay. Um yeah, which is which really honestly isn't that bad. Agreed. Agreed. Agreed. Agreed. Yeah, the nice thing is thatium hits both their tricker setters. The bad thing is that um they have two tricker setters. Thanks for the donut spix. Okay, Peliper and Aggron are the leads here. So that's not good. This could be bad for a number of reasons. I do think I probably need to prioritize Tailwind this game. Although I don't want to is the truth. I want to just attack. What do I have in the back? I have Tauros plus Arch. I need to get I need to go for Tailwind here. I'm going to tailwind and protect. I hate this play, but I will do it. I should have mega. I should have mega. That's a bad habit. It's a bad habit. It's cuz in with Terra you always delay but with mega you don't delay. I that could really boom me. Okay, it is mega aggron. There's no way this thing takes that much from my uh weather ball rate. Damn pelter. Okay, they're not scarf pelper. I thought there was a chance. I thought there was a real chance. Let's see what they go for here. is weather. Uhoh, that's not good. Oh, thanks. Very refreshing. I could have just probably attacked here in hindsight. I just got spooked. Okay, but they heavy slam. Okay, that's not so bad. Honestly, this was a fine turn. It's not a great turn, but it's certainly not a bad turn. Okay, so here. Oo, this is so refreshing. It's like cucumber water. I feel like I'm at the spa. Um, I could switch. I have I have our Caladon in the back. Okay, I'm going to rock slide. And actually, let's see. I'm going to go for weather ball into aggron here. Mega weather ball. They switch pelver out. So, who's coming in? Sneezel. That's not good. We know three of the four mods at least. We need to get rid of the Sneezler. The Sneezler. If we don't sneezer, we're dead. Okay, get it. Ah, I I Yeah, my bad. So, here's Rock Slide. It's nice if it connects, but not mandatory, I would say. It's good damage. Honestly, great damage. Good job. I have for Weather Ball here. So, I want to just protect both here, right? The thing is that I'm threatening two KOs's on this turn. I'm going to go a little aggressive. I'm going to dual wing beat and weatherball here. It could really backfire. I just want to see no fake out. That's not good. That's really bad. Oops. My bad. My bad. My bad. My bad. My bad. My bad. I think I'm dead now. I think I'm actually just dead. The nice thing is that I'm pretty sure weatherball will kill. I ran the calc and it's supposed to always kill here. Okay, Meganium. That's with filter, by the way. Filter, remember, is an ability. Okay, well, I crit. Well, it's it should always kill you even if they're max HP. Um, filter is an ability that uh turns down the damage from super effective moves, or it does in theory. So now I think I'm in somewhat trouble because I don't see how anybody ever going to get through the sneezler like at all. Getting through the sneezer seems like a huge problem. Um the rain is ending eventually. The last turn of Tailwind, two turns of rain. They probably have either Spiritum or Sinesta in the back, right? Hell only went for weather ball. So, we don't know anything about it. Do you think weather ball kills Sneezler from this range? Yeah, it actually does. Okay, I'm going to go for uh Thunderbolt. Weather ball then I reveal Thunderbolt, which is bad. Um Oh, shoot. Oh, THUNDERBOLT OR KALAN GETS PELT IN ONE HIT. OKAY. All righty. Now, let's see if Weatherball gets the kill here. Meganium last turn of Tailwind. Weather ball in the rain, but it's actually in the sun. And here it comes. Let's go, Meganium. All right, Meganium takes another another kill. This is what I'm saying. Like, it's hard to get Megium in a position where it feels good, but when it feels good, it feels really good. Like the damage is just it's just out of there. Okay. And that's a win. Champion tier. Let's go. All righty. We did it. We made it all the way into champion tier. That's pretty exciting. Very cool. So, it's okay. So, champion tier is top 300. That's pretty neat. I'm pretty sure I'm not even close to rank one, by the way. Like, I think I'm like really far away because I started so far. Like I I since I was out of town, I was just I like I haven't had the time um to build up my ladder points. Okay, so Cringe Gambit, Dragonite, Del Fox, Clefftable, Sneezler, Bascu, Legend. So, there's three potential mega evolutions. My My um King Gambit is okay here. My Meganium is okay here. Neither are spectacular. Our Chowadon is okay, but not great. I kind of like Archaladon the lead. Tauros is honestly pretty decent here. It's good into a couple of these Pokemon and then my Mega Evolution is the last pick. Could be coaching Sneezler. Got to watch out for that. So, Meganium is better into Meganium's better into I'm pretty sure it's supposed to be Kang here. Oh, the Meanium is better into Dragonite. Unless it's mega dragonite, which it could be. Although on this team, I don't really expect it to be. Kang is better into Basul. Like they're both good here. I think Kangaskhan's priority might be kind of important here. So, I'm going to bring Kang. Yeah, this is a tough one. They're thinking about it. They're really thinking about it. I read all the names like that because I think it's funny. Do you not have any whimsy in your life? Hello. Do you not have any whimsy in your heart? Hello. Okay. Dragonite Sneezler are the leads. That can't be good. I can just predict both, right? Predict. Predict. I think I'm actually going to be a little risky here. I'm going to go for dual wing beat. I don't want them to go over coaching, which I think is possible. Like I don't want to lose my focus sash either. So, I guess I I guess I'm just being optimistic here. They're thinking about it. Oh, I mean, honestly, it's not so bad, right? If I hit this dual wing beat. Okay, great. If I get rid of Sneezler, I think that's a big win cuz one of the biggest threats to my team. Get rid of Sneezler. We we we lose um Arcadon's sturdy ability and we see what the Dragonite wants to go for here. Dragon ants. I'm faster than their Dragonite is. Ooh, that's not good. Two, two, two, two, two, three, three, three, three. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Um, if they are slower than me, does that mean that they're still slower? They are probably they're probably adamant. I think I think my still faster. Fun fact, I'm pretty sure my Eidactyl is still faster than than their Dragonite, which is really big, I guess. Del Fox is on this team, right? Del Fox would kind of mess me up right now. That's not good. Okay, Del Fox is out. The thing is, I'm just going to tailwind. I want to protect. Like, I think I'm dead here, right? I mean, honestly, if I get an attack off, I should rock slide. Yeah, this is a little bit dangerous now. I guess in the end, protect protect was better on the first turn than what I did cuz I could have gone for dual wing bait plus dragon pulse turn two and that would have been way better. You know, if they had gotten only two hits, ah, whatever, it's fine. You use skill shop and the speed boost. Like, you basically think of it as a move that like could be worse than dragon claw, could be better, but you're mostly you're mostly using it for the speed boost. Okay, protect more Caladon. They E speed. Is that going to kill? No way. No way. It's a weird play. They sub. Oh, hello. That's a strange play. I missed. Are you okay? Well, I figured out it was multis scale. Lucky me. Um, I think that Ah, that's a really bad miss. Okay. Well, now what? Now I'm dead. Is that a multi- skill damage by Oh, yeah. It's minus one defense. That's definitely multi skill damage. I'm dead. I'm dead. Is it even worth wait? Is it even worth saving Aerodactyl here? No. Well, now I wish I tailwinded. No. No. I needed I needed to know. I got to break the thing here. I got to break this this multi scale. Okay. Okay. Okay. But here's the question that I have for you, chat. I'm going to go into Kang here, right? I'm going to go into Kang. Does the first fake out break the sub? How bulky is Del Fox? Doesn't get any bulkier when it mega evolves. I'm gonna go Kang. I think the first hit's going to break the sub. Put your place your bets in chat. Yes or no? Break the sub. Not break the sub. I think the first is going to break the sub. So I think I I can actually go for mega ball fake out here and dragon pulse here. I still have my sturdy intact by the way. Okay, here we go. Mega Kangaskhan online. We needed the first hit to break the sub or this is going to look very bad. Okay, first hit fake out. Please break the sub. Substitute to damage. Okay, great, great, great. Then the second hit will flinch. I'm almost sure. I'm pretty confident. Okay, great, great, great, great, great. They go four skill shot. They hit again. Two hits. Two, two. They they crit. Great. Okay, deserved. I'm going to get Dragonite here. Okay, Dragonite goes down. So, I'm up three to two. It just depends on what the last Pokemon is. What are we What are we worried about here? King Gambit or Baskil Legion, right? These are the These are the most obvious picks for the last Pokemon. Cleffable. Hello, Cleffable. The thing is I still have Sturdy, right? I can split my targets here. It seems reasonable. I don't think helping hand heat wave will kill me. I got to be careful here for sure. Like I could lose this. I kind of forgot Clefable was on this team. Yeah, this is going to be pretty down to the wire. Having sturdy still intact in our Calon is going to be a big deal, I suspect. We've seen protect and subdue from Del Fox and that's literally it. This person is taking a long time every turn. I should probably be moving slower. Okay, follow me comes out. So, what are they going for here? Stalwart. They sub again. Okay, if I get Clefable this turn, they're in real trouble. I think if Clefable goes down on this double up, then I'm going to win. Otherwise, it's ambiguous. Uh, Citrus, they're going down to this. There's no way. There's no way they survive this. Double edge comes out. Yeah, that's Mega Kangaskhan. Okay, cool. And now I think because I still have my I think because I still have my sturdy intact. I got to say I'm really impressed by sturdier Kaladon. I I like it I wasn't even on the team originally. I don't think there's anything they could do here. So Punch won't KO after the sub, but uh it doesn't need to. It just needs to break. do a little damage and honestly at this point they're in aqua jet range anyway. Nice 25% camp sub again. He wave comes out wave. Okay, I have no idea how much any of these moves do. Oh, our actually took that pretty well. All right, Kalan takes the last KO. Very nice. We win. Very nice. Sam Morehead. I think it's kind of cool to have a trainer name that's like first and last name, right? Most people just have first name or like screen name. Let's see here. So, we were we started out with this at like what rank. Pretty good. Quit battling. Hello. Hello. Hello. I only get the cut scene now. I had to win in champions tier. Champion tier. Yippee. I like Whimsicott in the vending machine. That's really funny. Nice. I wish I could battle these two. Do I really wish that? No, I just said that. I'm sorry. I don't really feel that way. Yippee. Okay. So, I'm what? 220 226 and I'm rating is 285 or something. Can you get some new clothes, please? I got to save my VP. But yeah, I'll get some soon probably. Okay. Uh, another Mega Flet team. Don't like that at all. Do not like this even a little bit. The good news is that Arcadon Aerodactyl is a pretty decent lead here. I think in the back they have so many Pokemon that are okay. Okay. I think it has to be Kang, right? Because Float is too scary otherwise. And then it's one of these two. So the advantage of Tauros is that it better into ROM, way better into Arcanine, and Aqua Jet is better priority. The advantage of Tloion is that it's better into Dragapult. It's better into Fuette. It's way worse than the Gambit. Shadow Ball's okay locking into it. Gives me a fighting immune. I have no idea, guys. I can't even ask for help because the delay. I have no idea. Um I have drain punch. The thing is, it's just so easy for me to end up in a position where Tiffloion doesn't do anything. They don't have any speed control. I'll do Tauros. Oh. Oh my god, guys. I thought you were being so mean to me. You kept like I kept putting all these chat messages that were like, "Dude, your drip sucks. You need to get more drip." I thought you were insulting like me personally. I was like, "What is up with them today?" Like they're being so mean. You're talking about my character. I was like, I like my clothes. What are you Why are they being so mean to me? I mean, this is just a t-shirt, sure, but like it's like 900 PM. I don't You know what I mean? Like, oh. Oh, my character has no drip. Specify next time, please. I beg you. I begth you. What are they doing? Whatever they're doing, stop it. I'm going on offense, baby. Hold this dragon pulse. Behold my dragon pulse and dual wing beat blast. Just kidding. This time I'm going to play it safe and who knows if I'll end up regretting it. Protect you here. Eh, protect you here. Okay, we just don't want to see coaching. No coaches. No coachers. Okay, fake out. Finally, I got it right. Finally, the hunter. You How could you do this to me? You are a rude rude gamer. That is extremely not cool. I You're going to thunder. Oh my god. Thunderwave Dragapant. I'm going eighth. I'm going fourth. I'm going fifth. I'm going ninth. They can thunderwave Yarodactyl and go for Okay, here's what's going to happen. They're going to Thunderwave Arcaladon. I can't tear electric cuz it's not in the game. No, they're going to thunder wave Aerodactyl and then they're going to close combat or Cowadon. I hope you miss. I hope you miss. I hope you miss. I hope you miss. I hope I hit it. I hope I hit it. I hope I hit it. No. No. Please. I beg you. Don't do it to me. They're not faster than me. Miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss. Okay, that's all right. Honestly, that's fine. That's fine. That's fine. As long as I get the attack off. I have a seven out of eight chance. Okay, I actually hit. Okay, I guess they realize that they'll they'll their mega fluette their sash. Okay. Okay. Um that's not good. So I I don't know what to do now. I really don't want to get paralyzed. Like I really really don't want to get paralyzed. Like I super duper duper don't want to get paralyzed. At least they're slower than me. I'm going to dragon pulse here. Or should I flash cannon? They're not going to switch flow into this. They're expecting um so I'm going to dragon pulse here and I'm going to rock slide. I do not want to get paralyzed. I think may switch. I was wrong. I hope I flinch. That is going to be close to range, but I don't think it's quite in range yet. I just didn't want to get paralyzed. Like I could have gotten both KOs here and only taken a thunder wave, but I I Oh, shoot. Okay, I'm in big trouble. I'm in big trouble cuz now they have White orb active, especially if we get paralyzed here. Yeah, this could go really really really badly. Shoot. Okay, Arcaladon, you got me. Okay, good job. I don't think this kills though. No, it won't. That's pretty bad. Okay, Arcaladon. We are in big trouble. Uh, it's still okay. It's just getting dangerous. Vegeta, Vegeta, what are you doing here? Oh, it's um Vegeta. Should I save our Kadon? No way. Right, Vegeta. What's Vegeta doing here? They have protect. Here's close combat. I assume this is just Rock Slide, right? It could be Scarfed. That's possible. I thought they missed. Okay. Sorry, Arcadon, but you did good. You did really good, buddy. I'm not I'm not upset in all of what you've how you've helped us. Okay, now my um what's it called? Tauros looks pretty good. So, I get intimidated down on both. This could be White Herb. Probably White Herb, right? No, no, we already saw White Herb. Okay. And now I have Aqua Jet available onto either Pokemon. Do you think this kills Aranina? could good could kill. Uh I'm going to Aqua Jet the Sneezler. I think the Sneezler is the bigger threat here. Aqua Jet plus Tailwind. I think one of these Pokemon is going to switch. I think the other is going to protect. Okay, I get I get the Sneezler. That was my big my big priority. Let's see how much this Rock Slide does. Let's see if they're scarfed. They are scarfed. I'm dealing with scarf rock slide. Oh, that's not good. If I flinch here, it's game over. It's not game over, but it's going to be really bad if I flinch. Yeah, that's really bad. Okay, still winnable. Yes. But getting difficult also. Yes. Floatette of Okay, that's fine. Okay, I'm going eighth. I got tailwind up. It was game over. Okay, it's fine. It's fine. It's fine. They're locked into this. Vegeta, how could you do this to me? That's not good. Okay, I can play around the flinches. It just is a huge pain. What's my What am I What's my I have a roll to kill here. Not a very good roll to be honest. Like a 25% chance at best. Miss. Nope. Okay, doesn't miss. Fine. Hit or miss? I guess. Okay, it comes down to whether or not they have Light of Ruin. I think like actually cuz Light of Ruin probably probably one shot. Dude, what is going with my pocket? My wallet is trying to escape from my pants. Not in a fun way. Okay, so I have Mega Kangaskhan here. I can go for Aqua Jet into the Arcane, which will cover for the odds will cover for the chance that it flinches me. So, even though I'd rather go for wave crack, I mean, Aqua just is fine, right? Aqua just fine. Oh, man. There's a chance this kills, but even in the best case scenario, it's only a like a quarterish, slightly higher than a quarter. The thing is, a lot of the Fuetses have stopped running Light of Ruin. If this Fourette has Light of Ruin, I'm giga dead. Here's my Kangaskhan Kniteite. The question is as well, are they going to go for a protect here? There actually is a case to be made for them not going for protect in my opinion. Okay, right. That's the correct play. I'm I have I think I might lose this. Here's Fake Out. Aqua Jet killing would give me a big like a wave really way back into this game. Dude, everything has gone wrong. Missed the Kangaskhan. Kang is gone. I'm going to throw up. Okay. Well, you ever are you ever in one of those moments where you're like, I have such a lead and then everything that has to go wrong for you to lose starts going wrong and you think to yourself like, okay, at this point it like it almost feels faded. You know what I mean? I'm in this position. I have a big lead. Scarf Arcanine. Uh it it it gets the Rockside flinch. misses the wrong target on rock slide. They protect the flowette. Like everything is coming together exactly how it needs to for me to lose this game. I just I feel like it's going to have light of ruin or um or or it's going to crit or some other baloney is going to happen. I get rid of Vegeta, but he's probably done his job. My Kangaskone is very slow, so I will not survive. I will not outsp speed here. It's super slow and it's dead. It's okay. It's okay. Unless Oh, unless they gleam here. No crit. No crit. No crit. Hangaskhon barely hangs on. Here's the question. Do you think it's Do you think it's a speed tie? Because it is possible. I've chosen a very specific number for my Kangaskhan. It could totally be a speed tie. Should I sucker punch or should I double edge? I don't know this thing's move pull. Does it get recovery moves? I don't know. Sucker punch. Okay. Okay. God, that was really close. That was really close. I barely defeated Vegeta. My god. Did not like that. Did not like that one bit. Giddy old man. Did not like that one bit. Okay, I'm almost at 2100. I'm in top 200 now. Vegeta, Nightfox. Is this the the There was a player from back in the day with was that his handle? Okay, this is a very bulky team. We have the sneezler, but I actually think this is a matchup where it could be a Meganium game. Meanium looks pretty good here. I think this is a Meganium game. Um, one, two, three, maybe. Okay, Arcaladon is good into Sorry. Tyloian's good, really good into Corvanite, good into Sneezler, bad into ROM, bad into Garchomp, bad into Arcanine, Aran, but I could do it. I drank all my nice spa water and I got nothing. I got nothing too. Flo gets synthesis. I'm not believing you. I'm not believing you. Thank you, Wolf. Please change the drip of the character. I appreciate that more than the comment above that said, "Get some drip." Guys, I always play as default. You're not even real wolf heads. You don't You don't even know. You don't even You don't even You don't even care what I think. You don't even care about what I want. You just want me to dance for you like a circus monkey. You're not nice to me. I've started doing this thing when people are mean to me in real life. Okay. I did this uh Oh, how's it going, Toast? Uh, how you doing? Um, I was at this wedding in Italy and this this girl I didn't know who's she was from the bride's side. I I was telling this story about how Okay. So, so here's here's the context. I'm in Italy. I'm in Italy. It's breakfast of the final day of the wedding of of Thursday morning. I'm at breakfast. It's like me and a bunch of my high school friends and then this couple, the super nice friends of the bride, like Yeah. super lovely, right? And I'm like, oh, like I'm eating eggs and it reminds me of the story that I have. Um, and the way the story goes is this is a there's an arcane on the side. Oh my god. The way the story goes is that um the the groom is my old roommate. I I used to live with him. Um and I I was like, he's he's he's one of the kindest like most thoughtful like just nicest uh people I've ever met. Um and in all the time I've known him, he's only ever said one mean thing to me. And I shouldn't even tell the story. It doesn't make me look good, but that's fine. Um, what do I do here? I could tailwind. I don't think I want to lose Aodactyl yet. And all the So, when we live together, there's only I've known hit this guy since I was like literally for like twice my life now. Like for over half my life now, I've known him. Um, we've been friends. Um, and the only thing he the only time he ever said something mean to me, which is especially surprising given we live together. Um, was one time it was this is like 2018 2019 and I was really hungry. I was like famished. Like I was I was so hungry but we didn't have like any food in the house and we didn't have anything. Big damage. Thunderbolt is good. Um, the only thing we had Oh, nice. The only thing we had in the entire house were eggs. Like we had no food. So I was like, you know what? It's like it's I'm so hungry. I had a long day at work. I'm just gonna come home and I'm just gonna eat a bunch of eggs and like okay um like I didn't really know what the appropriate amount of eggs to eat was. I'll just be I'll be transparent about that. I can I can admit that I didn't know what the what an appropriate amount of eggs to eat was. Um and so I said like I'm really really hungry so I'm just going to eat a bunch of eggs. I'm not going to tell you how many eggs I ate but anyway I ate my eggs and then I'm very full. And later on later, like later that day, he gets home from work. He has like a job where he has to work a bunch. And he gets home from work. And um he's like, "Hey, like by the way, like I see your little own eggs. Like did you did you eat some?" I was like, "Oh yeah, yeah. Like I had a bunch for dinner." And he I was like so hungry. And he was like, "Oh, how many did you eat?" And he I I told him how many ate. And he said, "That's disgusting." The only time he's ever said something mean to me. Anyway, it says sash. It's sash. I'm going to throw up. Uh, anyway, I'm recounting the story at breakfast to these to these, you know, my high school friends and and also this couple who I don't know. And the the woman turns to me and she goes, "He's right. That is disgusting." And I I turn to the woman who I don't know at all. I look her dead in the eye and without even thinking, I I go, "Be nice to me, to a stranger." Uh, anyway, that's that's that's how to be good at social skills. That's that's social norms one. Just just do that. Um, I took two kills while I was recounting the story. Okay. I think I think the memory of the eggs has powered up my Pokémon. It wasn't 20 eggs. Okay. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. 12. No. Guys, come on. Okay. No. It's I'm a normal person. I'm not I'm not cooland Luke. Okay. I don't know what to do into this. What? Wait. What? What Pokemon I have in the back? Oh my god. They have Sneezler. I'm going eighth. Um, I need to be really careful here because if they get on Burden active, it becomes a lot scarier for me. I think I lose. Um, I think what I'm supposed to do here is protect here and flash cannon here. And I need them to kill me. I need them to kill my Arcaladon with Blizzard. Okay. Was a Yeah, I'm I'm not telling you. I'm not giving you any No, you don't need You don't need to know the amount of eggs. Okay. It's not It's not relevant to the story. Okay. Okay, it's a little relevant to the story, but that's not the point. Okay, we I think they're going to close combat into the Tora slot, right? If they get on Burden off, it gets really hard. That's not good. I think I made a mistake. I guess they're close combing our Caladon if they're making this play. No, that's really bad. That's really really really really really bad. Yeah. Shoot. That's not good. They have Auroraveville up as well. Oh, I think I lost. Oh, I think I lost. That's not good. I'm dead. I'm giga dead. Okay. What do I do? How much does the wing even do to this thing? in Aurora Veil. I can't believe I made that play. I got distracted by my story. Oh man, how much does Aqua Jet do to this thing? Do enough. Oh man, got distracted by my story. I lost. Unless h going to be close. Dire claw arrow. They're going to get it. They're going to get it. They're going to get it. They're going to get it. Okay, I need the kill. That did enough. That did 34. Okay. Okay, I can still win. Maybe that's going to be really close. Shadow ball. Oh, shadow ball. Porros goes down. I don't know why I raised my hands, but that's great. That's really good. Um, okay. With Aurora up, I will not be able to get the one shot here. I'm not telling you how many eggs, but there's at least three. I'll tell you that. At least three. Okay, mega evolve and protect. And I'm also going to protect here. Uh, Frostless will not die to this, right? There's no way through Aurora. It's so tanky. Might die. No. No. No. H. Might die. Might die at worst. Like it's likely like a one in three chance to kill. Slightly better for me. Have I tried Mega Crab Snow yet? Um I tried Mega Crab. I was trying to use Mega Crab for this stream. It didn't work. I lost a lot. Blinds. Okay. What's more optimal? Okay. Here's the situation. Okay. Uh any math people want to help me figure this? I mean, you won't have time because of the delay. Is it better to go for is it better to go for rock slide and deal with the 10% chance to miss like Me will take a blizzard here or is it better to go for Tailwind and weather ball which has the chance to crit and the chance to freeze. I think it's better to go for the Tailwind weather ball cuz I could also thaw. It's possible. Also, I could crit also I could get the high roll. So, I think Tailwind is better cuz I have multiple ways to win whereas like I always have like a 10% chance to lose and I can wait I can still get crit or Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's it's Yeah, cuz I the crit chance doesn't change. That's through Aurora. Did I crit Meganium? That was through Aurora. My god. You know, you throw out so many numbers that I don't I don't even remember how many eggs I ate. I knew I know I knew it at one point. Now you've made me forget. Okay. Uh 159. We broke 2100, which is good. Egg champ. What have I done? Oh, this is the team. I know this team. Hold please. This is um one of the trick room specialist team. Uh who built this? Oh, it's Len VGC team. Okay, this is black whatever black belt glade leaftorm overheat citrus berry frig. I can't beat this. Wide guard. Okay, I can't beat this. Um, who else think it? Who else think it? I actually think I can't win. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. Um like Tauros plus Meganium plus our Caladon's actually pretty decent here. Is it Kang? Nah, I'll bring Meganium. Meghanium is cooler. I'm out of time. That can't be good. That can't be correct. This is not correct. There's no way this is correct. I I don't really have a trickman with this team. It's white urbansson on this team. I'm going eighth. Yeah, they always lead this. So, you'd think, oh yeah, like he knows what they're leading, right? So, he should win. Nope. No idea. No idea how to win. It's close combat in hatch. I can kill the insane near with the wave crasher. Close combat. Yeah. Waiter trade. Shake hands. Protect. So my idea here is that bas this is a terrible play. My my thought process is basically that's not what I wanted. 85. Oh yeah, dragon is stronger. My my plan is basically that they're going to fake out Tauros. I'm just betting everything on them faking out to otherwise I don't know what I'm doing. Okay. Well, I mean I got the call correct. just doesn't matter cuz my play is garbage. Hey, that should be in solar beam range. Does this thing have nasty plot? I forgot. Yeah, it does. Hey, that sucks. Okay, so I'm going to go for solar beam here and try and get the No, no, no, no. I protect both. I protect both. I protect both. Oh, I should mega evolve. I got to kill this giraffe. I can't let it go for nasty plot. Okay, they didn't switch. I think I'm dead. I think I'm so dead. Like I don't have the defensive tools to get through this. I wish I had Kangaskhan. Why don't I bring Meganium? Imagine this was Kangaskhan right here. Like I wouldn't be weak to fire. I'd have priority. I could drain punch the inen. What am I doing? CC. Hello. Another minus one defense and minus one attack. Okay. Nasty plot. Okay, I got the call correct. I I don't think they survive solar beam after the dragon pulse damage. And since on the field it's minus one on all stats. I have three turns left to trick him though which is pretty bad for me. The thing is they don't have Toal on this team. How do they get rid of Meganium quickly? Okay, great. Getting rid of draft is huge. I mean for a graph. Which Pokemon's text number matches the eggs number in Cinar. Wolfie, do you cut your hair with a lawn mower? No. That's not very nice. Or were you trying to get me to say be nice to me? I honestly just feel bad for you. Like that's a like like I know you're joking, but still like it's a it's not a good reflection of your interior mind uh that you would say this to somebody you don't know on the internet. But if you want me to say the line, I can say the line. Be nice to me. Okay. What are they going to go into now? Glade. Oh my god. They probably have Glade Blast. Strongest move of all time. Um well, now what? Now what am I supposed to do? My Taurus is dead. Minus one defense. I want to just like Gleam here. I'm pretty sure I'm dead if they double me though. I think it's fine to go for what? What? What? Sacred Sword Glade. They don't have wide guard. Like, okay, if I save Meganium though, don't I win the game? I could protect both. What am I afraid of if I protect both? Then bring in cringe Gambit. Like they need to double me, right, to get the kill. I want to protect Meganium. I think this is the wrong play. Out of time. Timed out. Timed out. Timed out. Timed out. Timed out. Timed out. I want Dockage at the instant. I'm the worst. That is a powerful instant. I want a Dockage at the instant. I might be the goat. I may be the accidental goat. Meghanium. Holy cow. Okay, now what? Well, now what? I have Aqua Jet. I should click it, right? It's my first time out. What am I doing? There's two turns to trick him left, right? So, it's protect protect this turn and then next turn I just do whatever. I guess the I guess what they might want to try and do is beat me with um King Gambit in the end, right? See if they switch here and should switch probably. Okay. Nope. I guess to be fair, they thought well like if he had Aqua, he would have clicked it last turn, right? And I didn't click it. So, they probably thought I didn't have it or wasn't willing to use it, which is a reasonable assumption. Oh, okay. Meanium is down. That's totally fine. What else is on this team? Peliper, Smeliper, King Gambit, and Scoville Villain. I have uh I have Rock Slide if they have Scoville. We have Caladon, Peliper. Okay, I don't think the Peliper on this team has tailwind. That's my world champ assumption. Hurricane, weatherball, muddy water, wide guard. Okay, I'm going for protect trick room, right? I check faster trick room. I'm pretty sure they're in aqua jet range as well. I'll just protect both. It's fine. If they're in aqua jet range, then I can do it next turn as well. been out of VGC since 2017. Is this worth buying? Um, well, it's free. So, I'm going to say yes. You can play the game for free. Let's see what they go for here. Hurricane. They're going to try and get rid of Tauros and Sacred Sword into my arch. Okay, cool. And now me when I'm about to start my way. Uh, Thunderbolt here and Wave Crush here. And that should do it. Unless it's Quickclaw, Peliper, in which case I'm going eighth. Okay, wave crush comes out. That'll be the end of Glade. This was a difficult matchup, but I think we ended up getting Well, we got through it. That's the important thing. The important thing is that we got through it. I like I I know this is a weird take, but I really like Thunderbolt Archeladon. I've used it at regional before. I think that was on the Omega team, right? And like I know it's not supposed to be good. I know it's especially stupid with electroshot like in the meta like on the set, but I like thunder. I don't know. I like Thunderbolt or Kaladon. Okay, top 100. That's pretty good. Can I see the overall ladder? probably see submen uh battle at all data. I don't see the leaderboard 22444 and I'm 214. So I'm 120 points behind exactly. I'm not getting there tonight. Barely get any wins. Oh man, never getting there. How's it going, Hayden? How you doing, guys? There's no there's no storm drain user in the game. Can you believe it? They didn't put Gastron in the game. Isn't that messed up? I can't I haven't won a single time on stream. Oh man, I'm never going to get there. Sucks. How many players can be in the champion tier? It's the top 300. Eggs aside, how many bananas you ask me eat in your life? I mean, I've had a banana almost every day since I was like a little child. Some days I've had two, but rarely more than one. That's the truth. What is this? I can't beat this. What does Y button do? Whoa. I can see my Pokemon. Um, my god, I can't beat this. There's I literally can't do it. There's nothing I can do. It's over. One, two. We have mouse hold. Mouse hold, ladies and gentlemen. Mouseold. Um, Kangaskhan probably. I just like I don't like bringing I don't like bringing Meganium into sneezer. Del Fox. Like, I just don't think it's correct. Kangaskhan's good into Delox. Meanium is bad into Del Fox. I haven't even clicked my fighting move. I should be using bite instead. Blasmon. Okay. They have cringe gambit. They have Aerodactyl. They have Bascul Legion. Like, okay. Okay. The cringe gambit is the real problem here. I think I want to bring Tauros. Is that wrong? I think I'm bringing Tauros cuz Tauros's Aqua Jen is actually really good into Aerodactyl and Dolox are big problems. Joey wouldn't lose on stream. SMH my head yet. Joy's goated. What do you want me to do? What do you want me to do? I'm doing my best. I think you guys expect too much from me. I really think you do. You know this game is hard, right? I'm not even supposed to win ever. Do you lose champions here if someone gets above you? Yeah, it's like a challenger in TFT. 10,000 bananas. I believe it. Del Fox and Cringe Gambit are the lead. Okay, that's not good for me, is it? I don't leave with Kangaskhan. I'd be chilling. Um Well, I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I don't have Kangaskhan on the field. What am I supposed to do here? I'm switching to Kangaskhan. Come here. Come here, buddy. There's no way that's correct. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. You can't bring in Kangasone here. There's no way. There's absolutely no way this is allowed. I cannot. No, no, no. Unless Del Fox protects, there's no way this is allowed. I'm throwing. Okay, they megaed. Please protect. Please. I I'm literally begging. Please protect. I've been so good. They didn't protect. I'm going to go eighth place and then eighth place again. Okay, they suckered. That's something. Psychic. They heatwaved. Why would you heatwave? Do you hate me and want me to die? Miss, they they hit. They heatwave. That did infinite damage. I'm just The game is over. I' I've literally already lost. I led I led wrong. And now I'm now I'm dead. Now I'm dead. Now I'm dead. And now I'm dead. I'm playing optimistically. That's the That's the nicest way I can say it. Why not to sit tailwind? I don't know. I don't know. I wanted to I don't know. That can't be good. Okay, but it's not so bad, right? I got the encore, which is bad. But I eat the I I hit the drain punch, which is bad. Give me your health. Delicious. Delicious. Delicious. Okay, good job, Kangaskhan. Okay, I'm still losing pretty bad, unfortunately. I think I already lost. I think the game is over. Here's the problem. There's no way for me to Yeah, this is the problem. There's no way for me to get Aerodactyl out safely now. They have to go into Tauros and click sucker punch. This is a bad This is not like a good This play does not favor me. Do I live a close combat? I have no idea. It's possible. It's totally possible. The thing is I activate Unburden now, which is the like a huge problem. Means I'm never going to get speed advantage again. Basically, I could have gone for protect on Aerodactyl here. Actually may have been the better play. I actually think protecting iridactyl is better here. Okay, I hit sucker punch. Oh, is that enough? Dude, the nerf sucker punch sucks. The nerf prenabon sucks. I might live this. Oh, they hit Tauros. Tauros Aqua form. Okay, he waved. I live this with Tauros, he says confidently with no idea in his heart. Okay. Well, now what? Now what am I supposed to do? Give up Kangaskhan. That's one option. What do they have in the back? What do I need still? If I lose both these Pokemon, I will lose, right? So, I guess I'm just supposed to save Kangaskhan here. Who's more important? I'm sacking our Caladon. Sorry, buddy. Sorry. Oh, that's not good. Oh, that's not good. That's really not good. That can't be good. That's okay. It's okay. It's okay cuz I saved my uh my Aerodactyl, right? So, it's kind of okay. 12% could matter. CC. Okay, they're minus two now. This thing is giga dead if I hit it with anything. My Pokemon are all dead. This sucks. Nice. Lefties. What's a girl got to do to win this game? Who knows? Um, I'm actually going to Aqua Jet here. I'm going to sack both my mons. I'm going let them get both. Oh, hello. That's interesting. I guess I aqua I awed the wrong one. Oh, that's a really good play. Are they flip turning? I guess I got the crit. That puts it in sucker punch range. flip turn. Okay, I got a Thunderbolt off. Oh, because they have Encore on Del Fox. I see. I see. I see. Really well played. Yeah. Ah, dang. I hit the wrong target. Unless I get the parah here. Although, okay, here's the thing. Wait, no, no, no. I haven't lost yet. I'm just in the process of losing. Good damage. Here's the thing, chat. I can go to arrow here because the sneezer no longer has unburden. So now the speed order is different. So I can go for protect on aerodactyl and dragon pulse on the sneezler. I think it'sable. It's going to be really tight. I need my I need them to KO my Arcalodon on this turn basically. Is it dream sniper? Oh man. I hope not. I don't think so. Surely not. I don't think so. They're not really playing like they are. But I should probably I probably should just add another 15-second delay. But I don't think I don't think this person is streaming. What do they go for here? Okay. Do we need it to hit? Oh, actually either way. Either way, it's okay. Okay, great. Go for close combat. Oh, okay. So now I I have the position that I was looking for. The only thing is that the position that I'm looking for doesn't affect me at all of a sudden. I have two choices here. The the safe play is to go for I think I'm going to do the safe play. Dueling beat here and fake out here. I think they're they're going to make the correct play, which is to switch Sneezler into Basil Legion. I wanted to Tailwind. Tailwind would have been the the best play here. If if Tailwind is almost the best play here. They protect Delox. So, I think I made the wrong play then. Okay, I should have tailwinded. That's my fault. So now they go for what? I need to tailwind. Now I have a choice. I can Okay, let's say I dual wing beat and they switch here. They're going to for me, right, into into fake out ideally for them. I'm going to Tailwind here. I'm going to sucker punch. I'm going to take a R. I'm going to wait. Are they going to switch or are they going to attack here? I'm going to dual wing beat here and I'm going to sucker punch. They're going to encore me, which is bad, but that's okay. Like, I had so many chances to get the call correct. I just wasn't willing to do it. Yeah. Oh, into Aerodactyl. Okay. So, it didn't matter what I did then. Hey. Okay. Now, they're going to lock into Aqua Jet. They They found a way to win this consistently. That's my fault. I needed to go for Tailwind in the last turn. Yeah, cuz Aqua Jet now will beat me. Yeah, well played. They played really well. They are taking a long time every turn. Yeah, here's the Aqua Jet. This should be encore into my Kangaskhan. Yeah, unfortunately for me. Yeah, the the encore here really messed me up. Can sucker punch fails. I'm really close is the thing. Like I'm super super super close, but unfortunately not close enough. Um yeah, and now it's just guaranteed. Dang. Okay, they played well. It was a tough match up, but I think really the leads were kind of tough for me. I think I had a lead in the mid game. I just couldn't figure out how to convert. Yeah, Sneezer's a little bit too much health. Um, I can just protect Aerodactyl this turn. Except I can't because I am on cord. So, no way around this. I can I can sucker punch here. Yeah. Unfortunately into either slot and they'll win the game. They actually protect Del Fox. Maybe they don't. Wait, no, I don't get it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. GG's. Yeah, I need to tailwind up on the turn. I needed to make I needed to I thought I was winning, but I I didn't really fully calculate things. Sucker will never kill Sneezler. Yeah, that's okay. That's okay. That's okay. I think that like the fact is the fact is that I was in a position where I could win. You know what I mean? your sucker. Good damage. Yeah, I was really close. I think I need to remember that. Um, sucker punch is abusable at the end of the day. Um, and there are weaknesses to it. Like sometimes I'm like, "Oh yeah, I just kill the Dolph later with sucker punch." But yeah, like in situations like these, you see the the weakness of sucker punch that I need to get tailwind up. Yeah, I think that was ultimately the the issue. Um, but yeah. GG's. Yeah, Encore is a really good move. I think I think Encore is super super good, especially if you don't know that they have it. Oh, shoot. How many did I lose? Lost like a billion points. Oh, man. Yeah, Del Box is really, really good. Clearly one of the best megas. Okay. Um, interesting. I think that this is a game where I could Oh, shoot. They have Sabi. I hate Sabi. Okay. I got to watch out for Sabi. Sabi is like the my my arch nemesis. Um, I could bring the game. This is a This is a match where either either of my um either of my megas can come here. I probably want to lead with whichever mega I do. I think I'll do Meganium is my instinct. And in the back we'll do Tauros for the fighting typing. And I don't think Tyloian is good. I can't bring tloion into Tyrannosaur. There's no I'm going to bring our Kadon. Oh, my lost portal is in the chat. Oops. That's okay. Maybe they maybe they had it muted. All good. All good. All good. Okay. Yeah, I I brought Meganium here. Kangaskhan is maybe better. Kangaskhan might have been better actually in hindsight. I like the Meganium can protect itself. And I like maybe Kas comes better here. I'm thinking about it. Yeah, Sabline. Oh, yeah. Yeah, right. Right. I brought Kang because I I brought Megan because of the Sabai. Yeah. I was like, wait, why did I bring Why did I bring Mecanium here? Then I saw the Sabline and I was like, "Oh yeah." So let's see here. I think my number one goal is to get rid of the Sabline. They'll probably lead it. Why would they let Sneezle the first regulation? Better Sneezle than Earth, man. I don't tell you. All right. Gardavore and Sable are the leads. Yikes. So, I don't really know what to expect here. I kind of want to just rock slide to be honest. It's like strong in a guardi horse and arch in the back. I could protect both, but they could go for combine. Let's go protect and gleam here. Honestly, like I know it's stupid, but my number one priority is to get rid of the sable. I just don't want to deal with it. Let's see. And also, Meganium is pretty specially tanky, so I feel okay about potentially taking a hit here. We just need to watch out for fake out. Taurus sucks. Taurus is pretty good, actually. All right, they could have Oh, Sable gets encore and disable now. I got to remember that. I'm afraid of like Willowis for Thunderwave. Fake it out. Okay, I made the right play then. You over call mind. That's not good. That is really bad. So, I don't know how I'm going to beat this thing. I guess I'll figure it out later. Here's Glee. Maybe I'll crit them. Sash. Okay. Hey, it's not Sash. It's leftovers. What? Oh, man. Okay. Um, I could rock slide here. That's an option. Rocks is my strongest move right now. What else do they have on this team? I know it feels bad, but I think I have to sack Arch here. Like I think Aerodactyl is kind of important here. I think Taurus is important too to beat the Sandmons. I could have rocks slided. Oh my god. Okay, I lost. Sorry, I've lost focus. It's my my bad. Paper boys. Yeah, the game is over actually. did so much. My god, I don't think I could win this anymore. I like I lost focus for a second. I hate Sabi. I hate Sabi so much. I always lose to Sably. Um yeah, I should have I should have I should have just gone for rock slide and um whatever there. Okay, I can still win because I can I can um crit them. I can flinch them with rock slide. Sorry. Potentially. Yeah, if I get disable turn one, the whole game is different. But that's okay. That's okay. I think turn two I probably need to go for rock slide and just accept that I was losing something. I was worried about Aerodactyl getting onward, but like honestly, yeah, if I got onward, it would have been pretty bad though, right? I think by Taurus could have done a lot of work here if I just got like allowed it to get into position. Honestly, I don't think this game is over just yet. Like I do still have a chance. They actually switch out here into Sneezler. Okay, I still have a chance. Just not a very good chance. They're going to, I guess, take out my bridge here, unless I attack first. Oh, hold on. Still have a chance. Big damage. Hypervoce. We know that Sab has um We know that Sabi has fake out. Fake out disable presumably encore, right? Okay, we're going to go to Aerodactyl. Oops, that's not correct. Okay, doable, doable, doable, doable, doable, doable. The problem is that this thing is probably whiter, right? Um, I guess I just solar to be honest. I'm sacking off Meganium here. I'm going to try and play two versus four and win that way. Fake out. Okay. I think it's possible. Like I know it sounds stupid, but I genuinely believe it to be possible here. If the last Pokemon is Tyrannosaur or King Gambit, it just depends on what happens on this turn basically. I really wish it were Sash Sneezler. That'd make my life way easier. Honestly, even if it's Corona, I think I think I think my position is not bad. I think this thing is in aqua range. Say it's max HP. It's wider. Dang. Okay. Birdie Gardevoir. Mega Gardevoir versus Horos Aquaits. No, it's not enough. Oh, that's with Aurora Villa. Hold on. Yeah, I can't go for it. It's might not kill if they're max HP. Okay, dual beat here and wave crash here. This is the plan. Jace, pull the plan. Uh, like I'm still in trouble because of my inaccurate moves and because the Sneezler is able to attack first here, but because Taurus is Aqua Jet, this is like it's actually possible to do a reversal. Okay, they actually protect Guardi, which is probably for the best for me. Close combat. That's fine as long as I hit the uh dual wing beat. That did a lot of damage. Okay, I get Sneezler here. You see what I'm saying? Like it is it is technically possible. I'm going to just save light here, I guess. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. It may be doable. Maybe doable. Maybe doable. It may be doable. It depends what the last spawn is. Like that's really all it comes down to. The guard is protected. So if Sablight comes in here then Okay. And what Rocklide would KO both here, but I don't want to lose my Tauros. So I'm going to protect. They have fake out. They have disabled. They probably have Encore. Protect both is one option. Or attack with both. I can't attack with both. There's no way that's correct. I'm so close. I'm really, really, really close. Basically, if if they just if I if this turn nothing happens, I have the threat of Aqua Jet plus Rocklide next turn. We want to see them go for fake out and do whatever with Gardavore. Okay. Calm mind, hypervoice, protect. Presumably the last move is psychic disable could have faint. I think it gets faint, right? Here's fake out. Okay, that's good. Okay, let's guard overdoing hypervoice. Okay, they don't intimidate in this team. So, I think my best play here is Aqua Jet. God, it's going to be really close. I'm going to go for Rocklide here, and I'm going to go for Aqua Jet. This covers for the odds of Vcaruna switching in. I guess that way I don't get burned on Flame Body. It's going to be really really down to the wire. I have a 10% chance to lose here. If I miss the Rock Slide if they hit one Hypervoice, they're going to win for sure. Okay, they protect. So, they're they're banking everything on their last Pokemon here. I get Aqua Jet off. KO Sabi. Is it two versus two? But we were down two versus four. Now we're down two versus Now it's tied. Two versus two. Aerodactyl is still in this max speed. Tyrannitar with Choice Scarf is not faster than Aerodactyl. Here's Vcaruna, so it could have rage powder, but they can't have Chardy Berry. I think this is it. I think I go for Rock Slide here and Wave Crash here. And I say, "God, I hope this works because it might not." Their best play here, I guess, is to go for double protect and then try and kill me with Vcaronia. They rage powder. I need to hit rocks and guard or I lose. Oh, wait. No, I just need to get a KO here. I hit both. Does it kill Guardi? This Aerodactyl clutched so hard. I cannot believe that. I cannot believe that. Okay, we we got a little bit cheesed by the Sabi, but we brought it back. That's not what I was expecting. I really I genuinely like I know I say oh we lo like we lost this and I win somehow anyway like this time I really believed it like I really believed after after those early turns it was just so brutal so so so brutal after the early turns. Okay, I'm ranked number 65. I'm basically back to where I was before I lost. My god, that was stressful. Aerodactyl Taurus reverse sweep. My god. Oh, Yo Tom, my goat. My goat. Yo, Tom's got the He's got the good Pokemon. Oh my god. This is my friend. Oh, man. Yo, Tom. Oh man. Oh man. Oh man. Oh man. Oh man. Going eighth. I don't want to play you. Oh my. Oh my god. I'm on Can I I don't want to. Oh my. I've got to play against you. I don't want to man. Man. Oh man. Oh man. Um. What do I do? Help. Help. Help. Help. Help. Help. Help. Help. Help. Help. Meganium. I don't have any Pokemon. I don't have a Pokemon can beat this. Oh man. Okay, here's my thought process. Yo's very good. Maybe I can click rock slide a bunch and beat him that way. You know what I mean? Maybe I can just rock slide him to death. I feel like this is my default lead versus this team. This is like a standard team I've come to come to recognize. Um I mean the real issue here is the mega flowette, right? Is this Habenberry Garchomp? It might be. My god. I assume this is the Yotm I know. Should I text him? Hello. Tom, is this you? Good luck. Have fun. Oh, he messaged me on Disc. My bad. I texted him. Basu, he leads He leads Bascul Legion and Sneezler into me. Yo, Tom, I take this as a sign of great disrespect. How could you lead Baskion just easily to me? Um, I mean, I don't know what to do. This is really risky. If he gets the close combat off, I would I would basically lose in the spot, right? I feel like there's no way he lets me. I'm feeling like there's no way he close comments or Calon here. Okay, I assume this is flip turn. Yes, yes or yes. Who else think it? Hey, flip turn. Okay, I mean I got the call correct. The issue is now what? Thunderbolt par. Thunderbolt para. Thunderbolt para. Thunderbolt par. Thunderbolt para thunderbolt crit. Thunderbolt para thunderbolt crit. I haven't paired a single time. Hello. Um, now what do I go for? Dual wing beat here or I go for do I go for Tailwind? What does he have in the back? He has Flet plus one. I think Tailwind's more important. Is that crazy? No, this is wrong. Oh, I made the right play. Whoopsie. Okay, flip turn. Sorry, Aridactyl. You lose the sash, but you gain something valuable. Knowledge. Okay, let's see what he has in the back. I assume it's like I mean I played as if he had Garchomp Flowette. He has Fluette plus one, right? It could be Garchomp, it could be insin. I just played as if it was going to be something that something like Garchomp and Fuette. He's thinking about it. It's only 10% to paralyze. I know, but I want it to paralyze. Have you ever thought about that? I still have sturdy intact. He's texting me. He says, "Good luck. Have fun. He's thinking about it cuz he he has to make a choice, right? Cuz if it's Garchomp, he doesn't want to eat a dragon pulse. But if it's Float, he really doesn't want to eat a flash cannon. Oh, that's very good for me. That's very very good for me. Here's Tailwind. I made the perfect play. I like I I got I think I got lucky. Okay, so I have this now. Now what? So I I have a big lead. I have a really big lead. I want to go for dual wing beat here. The thing is he could switch into Garchomp. Let's say I dual wing beat and he switches into Garchomp and then I flash can and it fails. starts slowing up my tailwind turns. Do this. This is probably the wrong play. That was the wrong play. Whoops. Although, yeah. Yeah, this is the wrong play cuz he's probably protecting, right? I should have I should have I should have dual wind beaded. That's my fault. I got I got a little overzealous. What's the last Pokemon on this team? Okay. Yeah, I really made the wrong call. I could have just dual wing beat here and probably won the game on the spot. Now it comes down to damage rolls. I don't think Rock Slide plus Dragon Pulse can ever kill. Okay. Yeah, that's not enough to kill. But I could flinch. I could flinch. Close, but no. I'm putting everything in aqua range. Okay, that's not good. Okay. Um, my game is lagging. I don't think that was the right play for me. Instin Garchomp or what's the last one? Could it be Talonflame? Oh, I didn't think about Talonflame. Is he Wait, is he minus one or yes or no? He's not white herb. Oh, well then I should just rock slide. I guess this he just protected. Hard to hard to take this. Sneezler's in range of Aqua Jet. Bask Legion in range of Aqua Jet. Sneezler's in range of sucker punch. Bask legion in range sucker punch. I need to take KOs is the problem. Like losing our Caladon there was not smart. Losing most of our Kaladon I should say. I guess Lmon could be Talonflame. Could he reversal me? switches out. So, he's giving me something. That's uh Basket Legion. So, I get Basket Legion here. Protects. I'm not crazy, right? He's not He's not white herb. Okay, hit. Doesn't matter though. Your stream is lagging. I know. I know. I'm sorry. Did it stop lagging by the time you're hearing this? There's 30 second delay. Oh, it was Talon. Oh, okay. So, I don't think he has Unbburden active, right? I still have a turn of Talon left. I'm pretty sure I do. Okay, seems fine. Oh, protect. Oh, is he going for the double? Oh, that's the way that he can win this. Yeah, good call. Okay, no, never mind. Oh, he's going to go for um he's going to go for Tailwind and Thousand Gleam. Take take both KOs. How much HP is left on this Floette? Is it worth is it worth me preserving one of my Pokemon? I believe the answer is no. Oh, but the H. Okay. What am I supposed to do here? 26% is kind of high actually. He might not be in range of sucker punch. You know what? He might have upper hand on the Talonflame. He wait, no, he has protect in trouble. I think I may have thrown this actually. Okay, I'm I think I might have made a mistake here because I don't know the moves yet. Protect Tailwind. Brave Bird presumably or acrobatics. One more move. I would think it' be Flare Blitz, right? Okay, our Calon goes down. I think I think I may have been a little bit too fast and loose here. I go into Kang now. And the question becomes, do I think that he has quick guard or upper hand or any of those style moves. I think I need to play as if he dies. I'm going to I'm maybe being a little bit too aggressive here. I'm so close. I'm so close. But I'm I it's going to come down right down to the wire because I don't know the moves in this flowette because I've seen protect on the talon flame. I can say somewhat confidently it doesn't have quick guard or anything like that. Um but I can't say it 100% and that is a problem. Brave Bird. Uh-oh. Oh, I could have gone for f Oh no. Oh, I think I messed up. I think I messed up. I think I messed up. I could have gone for fake out. Could have gone for fake out. Could have gone for fake out. Do I live this? I do. H. Do I die to recoil? It crit arrow. Thank goodness that wasn't Kang. Oh, it's going to be really close. I think I'm going to survive the double-edge recoil. Maybe I'm being naive. 25 HP. Float doesn't have a high base. Uh, I think I'm dead. I think I'm alive. I'm alive. Okay, I can go into Tauros. This was really close. I should have just gone for Fout. I should have I should have realized if I go for FG out there, I always win. I just didn't I didn't like because the thing is if I was wrong I would have lost for sure. Um I can go Aqua Jet plus sucker punch here cuz he no longer has priority and I'm almost positive this will KO unless he has Willowisp. He willowisps into Kang will listen into Tauros. Here's Aqua Jet. Almost dead. Okay. GG Tom. Yeah, that was really close. That was really close. GG. Oh jeez. Okay, chat. This thing said Sneezler trainer. I might not have reached a rank one, but who's really the winner here, chat? What do you think? What do you think? Which is more prestigious, rank one or rank. I'm not even going to say it. I'm not even going to say it. Feels feels good to be the king. Um, okay. Here's the deal. It's 10 p.m. I did not realize how challenger champion tier was going to work. I definitely thought it was like they'd open the tiers and we'd all just rush up to the top. So, the fact that people are already 100 points, you know, started 300 points ahead of me or whatever, um, yeah, meant that I was not I was not getting there tonight. So, I'm going to call it here. Um, well, 2our stream in the end. Um, but I I I think what I will do is I will plan on resuming this challenge tomorrow sometime. Um, so if you would like to see the the conclusion of this challenge, um, or hopefully the conclusion, check back in tomorrow. I feel like the team has been pretty good. We've been able to get some good wins. Um, we've climbed quite a bit. So, yeah, I think we only lost one game this stream, um, to one of our very own chat members. Um, and so, yeah, hopefully tomorrow, like, it's pretty difficult to get like to climb at this point. Um, but I'll I'll do my best. So, um, anyway, thanks for watching. Hope you enjoyed the stream and I'll be back tomorrow with some more uh some more games. Um okay, that's it from me.