I Created a Brutal Mega Froslass Combo - YouTube

Transcripts:
This is Mega Frostlass. It might just be one of the best new mega Pokemon. Why? Well, first of all, it's fast as heck. It's going to outspeed like 90% of all the Pokemon that are even out there right now. And not only is it fast, but it's also pretty hard to get rid of. While it's not naturally the single most bulky Pokémon, it is a lot harder to get rid of than it might look because of its ability snow warning.
 Snow Warning sets with the snow, which not only makes Blizzard 100% accurate, but also gives all ice type Pokémon a 50% defense boost. And being this fast and moderately bulky is a pretty big deal because Frostless hits like a truck. But that's not enough for me. I wanted to hit like two trucks, which is why I wanted to build a team around Nasty Plot Frostlass.
 Nasty Plot effectively doubles Frostless special attack the first time you use it. Meaning that with such a high base power move like Blizzard that hits both your opponent's Pokemon, it's very scary. Okay, so Frostless is bulky, but I mean it's not it's not that bulky. How are we going to actually buy time for it to use Nasty Plot? That move doesn't do any damage.
Well, we have two main tools. The first, of course, is Incinor. It's the best Pokemon of all time because of the support it offers to any team. Intimidate weakening opponents. Fake out stopping them from moving. carding shot weaken them further. Come on, it's a no-brainer. Okay, but the other Pokemon is a little bit more interesting.
 I think that a Pokemon that has a ton of potential is Orthworm. Its ability makes it immune to ground type moves and actually heals it whenever it takes one. As a steel type Pokémon, it only has three weaknesses in the first place. And Earth Eater makes it immune to one of those.
 So yeah, it's pretty hard to get rid of. And if you can't get rid of it quickly, it's a big problem because Orworm is the move Shedtale, which cuts its HP in half, throws up a substitute, and passes that substitute immediately to another Pokémon. For example, Mega Frostlass. You see where this is going? Yes or yes. Thumbs up if you agree.
 I mean, subscribe if you agree. I mean, whatever. Do what you want. All right, so we have our star player, which is Mega Frost Lust. We have our support package, which is Incin and Orthworm. Now, we need some more damage. First thing we want is a ground type. Specifically, a ground type with the move Earthquake.
 This move hits both your opponent's Pokemon as well as your partner. And in this case, we want to hit our partner because that will heal Orthworm. Clear standout for the best ground type in the game right now is Garchomp. Fast, strong, hits like a truck. Nobody's debating whether or not Garch is good.
 But one of the challenges of using Garchomp is the fact that there's limited items right now in this format. Orthor's holding the citrus berry inciner can hold like lumbberry. I guess frostless is the mega stone. We're gonna give garchomp the focus ash. Garchomp's naturally pretty bulky so this won't come up in every game, but it'll allow us to play a little bit more aggressively with Garchomp in ways that we wouldn't otherwise be able to do.
 We need another Pokemon to the ground immunity, but we're going to come back to that in a second because first we need a fast Pokémon. This is because with limited items in the game, we want to make good use out of the items that are around. And one of the best items around is the choice scarf. It'll let me outspeed a lot of the faster Mega Evolutions like Mega Delox for example.
We're going to use Basilion here. It's a dangerous Pokemon. If you pass as a substitute with Orthworm, it becomes even more scary. It gives us another fighting immunity. And even though it's two ghost types on the team, it's it's probably fine, right? And it hits really hard. Also, just add some nice resistances that we're missing right now, like to water, which which might come up. Okay, one Pokemon left.
 Ready? We need another Pokemon that's immune to ground type moves because right now Garchomp can only Earthquake next to Orthworm without fear. There aren't that many Pokemon that are immune to ground type moves and also are good in this format. And one of the best ones seems to be Rom.
 Of course, there's five ROMs to choose from, but the best ones and fire and water overlap with typings we already have on the team and Senor and Basculian. Fortunately, there's one ROM form that synergizes quite nicely with the Pokemon that we have on the team, and that's Rom refrigerator or freezer, I guess. I guess it's a freezer.
 Anyway, ROM freezer is an electric and ice type, and it almost never sees any play, but it gets blizzard. And frost sits in the snow, which also lets us use blizzard. We don't have access to the choice specs, so it won't be the single strongest blizzard, but blizzard is such a strong move in general. And ROM frost gets bulkier in the snow as well because it's also an ice type.
 Oh, sprinklers are turning on. I got to get out of here. I think it'll be good. They just turned the sprinklers on, so I'm I'm getting out of here. Okay, let's go. Let's go battle. I'll be back in my apartment. Bye-bye. Did you know that you too could be a champion thanks to this video's sponsor, Raycon? Mother's Day is coming up soon, and you know, nothing makes you feel more like a champ than getting mom the perfect gift.
 And what better gift than Raycon's essential open earbuds. Let this gift give you peace of mind. Whether mom is going for a walk, running errands, or talking on the phone, these openear earbuds mean she can still be paying attention to what's happening around her. No need to worry about her getting sucked into the latest tournament video and walking past your house.
 They're not just great as a gift, though. I've been using mine for running, and they've been a massive help. I need to stay locked in on my 10 hours of Burme Cries compilation while running me me. >> But I also like to make sure that I can pay attention to my surroundings, too. The lightweight design makes sure that they never feel intrusive, and the 36-hour battery life is a huge help for people with chronic forget to charge itis like me.
 Give mom the gift of Raycon and feel like a champion. Click the link in the description or go to byracon.com/wolfieopen to get 15% off the essential open earbuds. Thanks again to Raycon for sponsoring this video. And would you look at that? Just like that, I'm right back where I belong in front of the green screen.
 You know, the beautiful verden hills of Italy and that like very nice castle in the background. That was nice and all, but I mean honestly, this is where I belong. Now, you may be thinking to yourself, Wolf, you you don't look so good. Um, and I don't know, maybe that's true. Uh but but it's not surprising because I've been awake for almost 40 consecutive hours.
 I did not sleep at all at the last night of the wedding. Um I I pulled an all nighter, which is I think only my second all nighter anyway. Uh or ever. And then I flew home over the course of like a 16- hour travel day, I think. Um anyway, and now I'm here. Now I'm now I'm here. I'm going to play some games.
 So the replica team is uh was on screen just a second ago. If you would like to use this team for yourself, uh you were able to do it. I played one game right before I started recording because I heard the first game is always a block game and I didn't want you all to uh have to watch that.
 And so yeah, we're just going to jump into game some games here. Um yeah, let's do it. Oh, where's my my notebook? I got to take notes. Okay, Absol I think this might also be a bot game, but I can at least show you the the general strategy that um the team is supposed to use. I can show you it in action. So, um, for this because they have both orth uh, both arcanine.
I mean, they all I'm kind of worried about Arcanine being beat up, right? Beat up plus whimsicott. Maybe that's too much. The thing is the leading guard chomp is pretty bad here into their whimsicott and their frost loss and their corite. So, why don't we do one, two, three, four here. We're going to do Orthor and instant in the lead with frost loss and uh, bask legion in the back.
 The idea here is we can use fake out to set up a uh a shedtail, get frost loss or basilian in probably um probably it's going to be realistically the uh frost loss here because basilian can't switch moves. Um and then we'll just click really powerful attack or go for a setup moves. So this is Absol Archon in the lead. I have fourth worm and my incinor here.
Let's see. So they are intimidating. So I didn't I worried about beat up for nothing. This is it's actually like it's interesting because these are now actually my first games of of champions. I could go for iron defense here, but it's not the main strategy. So, why don't we go for shed tail? And you know what? I'm honestly not really that threatened, right? Can I shed I should take fake out the arcanine is better practice, right? So, we fake out the Arcanine to protect Earth here.
 We'll only do 10%, but the 10% ship actually could add up. Uh oh my god, they almost completely boom me. If this is a bot, they almost completely got me there. They also don't mega the Absol, which I don't know if that means that they don't have the mega stone. Maybe it's not a bot. Maybe this is like one of the starter teams.
Actually, I'm not entirely sure. I feel like I'm playing a little bit of catch-up. Um because I haven't been able to play. Like this is literally my first game clicking the buttons myself in champions, which is a little bit weird. Um so I feel like I have I have a bit of learning to do. Anyway, now we have Frost Los behind a substitute.
 And here we're actually going to play it slow. We're going to go over protect on Frostlass. And we're going to we're not going to mega here because we don't actually want to set the snow up yet. Um, the reason that we don't want to set the snow up yet is because we snow will only last for five turns. And so if we're protecting and like not taking advantage of the snow this turn anyway, then there's not really a point.
 This play is I guess technically a little risky. Originally I wanted to parting shot, but because I got taunted, it doesn't really make sense to go for parting shot anymore. They go for flame charge and actually their their arcanine is actually faster than their Absol, which I guess makes sense. And they go for assurance.
 So they were going for two super effective moves here. Now we do want to mega evolve. And we're going to go for blizzard here, which is our strongest attack. And we're actually going to go for it's possible that flip turn would kanine. I don't know if it will. So, I'm going to wave crash into the Arcanine here. And what this is going to do is it's going to um knock out the Arcanine, assuming it doesn't protect.
 Um which will then make Blizzard single target. Uh you may may or may not know that if moves hit multiple targets, they receive a power reduction or if they can target uh multiple of uh targets, they receive a power reduction. But the exception to this is like if Blizzard is only uhoh, hello. If Blizzard only like if Argon protected here, then Blizzard would target both even though it still is only hitting one.
 But if Argon gets knocked out to Wave Crush, for example, then um Blizzard no longer targets that slot because there is no Pokemon there. So this allows us to activate the full uh power of Blizzard that we wouldn't be able to otherwise. So even though this is a bot game, we can still be a little instructional.
 And you can see here like they didn't really, let's say this was not a bot, like they didn't actually have a good way of hitting Frost last year if you think about it, right? like um like yes they could have sucker punched and broke the focus sash but or the not the focus sash the substitute but even then you still lose both Pokemon this turn right as I go to frost loss here and Garchomp so I'm kind of inclined to go for shadow ball here although blizzard may be safer I'm going to shadow ball and switch to earthworm here because this makes it difficult for
them to get like um anything going here and actually one advantage now is that because we mega evolved before they did in the frostless mirror we got to take more okay we had more turns to take advantage of snow but they don't they don't protect and they don't mega evolve so suspect that this is probably not a real human player, which is okay.
Although I I don't really fully I'm I'm not like I don't know how what goes into making these kind of games, right? But I'm a little bit surprised that they have bot games. Like I I don't I mean also maybe I'm not the target audience for the bots, right? Um as we see Dragon Claw break the subsuit, but now it's it's too little too late.
 But anyway, even though this is a bot game, I still think it's worth watching because you can get a general sense of how the strategy is supposed to work if the opponent kind of just lets you uh let you go for it. So I suspect that Blizzard will likely end the game here. This is my This is my world champ prediction. Okay, cool.
 And that's going to be game number one, which is yeah, kind of just a tutorial game, which honestly with a team like this, it's not the worst thing in the world. Um, from here on out, it should be more interesting. I think they didn't actually have that many good tools to hit Orthworm. Like they had like Frost, Archon, and Whimsicott are all Pokemon that I would expect to see.
 And Garchomp are all Pokemon that I would expect to see generally. Um, and I think the fact that like Frostlass, Whimscot, Garchomp, what else is on that team? Absolutely a main Pokemon. Argonine is probably going to be so so. Oh, I didn't realize I Wait, I got back into queue so fast. That's crazy. This is a real team.
 So, this is another Mega Frostless team, but this one has King Gambit as well as uh Lucario. So, I have to be really wary if I lead with Intimidate here. Maybe Garchomp in the lead here. I'm able to threaten a lot of Pokemon with Earthquake, which is nice. Like, I'm able to threaten both in and Lucario and all of in Lucario and King Gambit.
 I actually think that this is a game where I could be going for ROM frost here. Although I think perhaps I'm too weak. I mean, it's not like actually ROM Frost is better against King Gamma than Baskil Legion is, right? I'm going to try Rot Frost. It's not really It's not so intuitive. Yeah, let's let's give this a shot. I don't know.
 I mean, I'm I'm kind of just trying stuff out, right? Facing off against Piplop, my goat. So, I think what we don't want to see in the lead here is L. I mean, even Lucario is not that bad. Wait, how did they get to be Hex Maniac? I got I got to explore more. Okay, instant gambit. So here I have a very safe earthquake and I'm kind of tempted to just go earthquake iron defense.
 Is that is that wild? I can't because I don't protect earthworm because king. Oh, they didn't uh they didn't go for fake out. Okay, so here's Earthquake. This can do good damage to both Pokemon. That did a lot of damage. I don't think these Pokemon are trained to be very bulky. Oh. Oh, never mind. Never mind. Never mind. Flare of blitz.
 Okay, so this is going to do a lot to earthworm. A lot of earthworm. Let's see what they do here. cuz it's possible they go for something like um swords dance. Oh my or actually is faster than their king gambit. That is really good to know. So yeah, earth is actually in good shape here. And they go for cow leaving and Garchomp.
 So actually I think that was a pretty good play. The crit may actually end up hurting me here if they faint. Oh, that's so good. That's so good. Okay, it's left over King Gambit. Does Garchomp go down here? Who who knows? No. Ah, maybe. So in the back they have Gyarados, Frostlass, Lucario. Hm. I'm almost tempted to go for shedtail here, which is really weird cuz I just went for iron defense.
 But I think I should shed tail and go for earthquake here. I think this was like a thing, right? The king gambit uh sucker. I think for protect. Okay, this is actually pretty good then cuz I get to I get an earthquake off which is really good. I heal them a little bit more. I could have gone for another iron defense, but I was basically thinking like like if I lose a speed tie with mega frost loss, then I'm actually in pretty big trouble.
Um, like if you think about their mega frost loss coming in here and yeah, if there's even if orthonors on the field because I'm intimidated, it's not actually so good for me, I think. And so even though iron defense ends up being wasted because when I shed tail, I don't pass the iron defense.
 I think it was like this is still okay. All things considered, I have kind of lost two Pokemon here, which is bad. Um, but other than that, things are okay. Uh if the the main Pokemon Pokemon I'm afraid of right now is their Mega Frostlass because if their Mega Frostlass comes in now, they could go for something like Sucker Punch and um Shadow Ball and that would be pretty scary because Sucker Punch would break the sub and if they won the speed tie, then Shadow Ball would KO.
 So this is actually like a somewhat precarious position. I think they go into Frost Law, so it could just come down to a speed tie here, which would be really terrifying. I have three options here. I can protect an Earthquake and accept basically that if they go for Blizzard, I'm screwed. I can nasty plot and do something with guard jump.
 Like maybe dragon plot probably kills from here, right? I kind of like nasty plot plus dragon claw here. Shadow ball was probably best to be honest. Okay, so they are max speed timid because they're mega evolving first. I think that glitch was fixed. There was a point where the mega evolution order was kind of random, but I don't think um that's the case anymore.
 The issue here is if they go for I actually don't know if my play was that good because if they go for Blizzard here, I think I'm kind of screwed regardless, right? Also, sorry. I put my my controller on the desk and it was vibrating so loud. Wait, if they go for um not Oh, I made a I made a huge mistake. If they go for Blizzard here, I think I threw cuz now I lose the sub.
Oh no, I think I just gig it through. Oh no, I could have protected. Please don't. It's going to break it. Frost is so strong. Does the sub hold? Does the sub hold? Oh, it it held. Okay, but now what? Like, how do is it just coming going to come down to a speed tie here? Ah, I I was way too greedy. I was way too greedy. Oh, no.
 I think it comes down to a speed tie. I should have brought I should have I should have um prioritized getting rid of King Gambit, I think, and brought my Basil Legion in the back. It's not necessarily over. Like, I'm really close. You know what I mean? Ah, I think I made a mistake. Okay, here's Protect. The thing is, we are speed tying.
 I'm I'm pretty sure we go for Hex. Oh. Oh, they go for hex. Okay, they don't they might not have shadow walls cuz I don't think they'll KO me. Is Blizzard. That did a lot to Frostlass. Like, okay, think about it. My ROM's Blizzard did more to their Frostlass than their their mega frostless blizzard did to my Frostlass.
 I'm holding the Never Melt ice. I guess that makes a big difference here. Yeah, this was a case where I I perhaps got a little bit greedy. I should probably remember that like I I am in Pokeball tier, so like not everything is as uh predictable as you normally expect. So, I'm going to go for Should we go for a blizzard here? Should we just see how much Blizzard does? Double Blizzard.
 Like, this is plus two mega frostless blizzard. Of course, I might just eat a I might I mean, I don't know any my calcs, right? Like, I don't even know the stats of these Pokemon. So, I might just take a Oh, I I go first. How much is this going to do? Oh my god, that did like 55%. 58%. My god. And Rom Frost, I'm pretty sure, is going to win this game with Blizzard.
I think we live this. Surely we live this. Okay. Okay. Note to self, maybe against mega frostless, I can't just bring one Pokemon that beats it if it wins the speed tie. Like I think I wasn't allowed to I think I would I needed to bring either instant or um Bask Legion here and I needed to make my goal I think I think in that case what I needed to go do is go for body press turn one into the um King Gambit.
 That's a good lesson to learn. Like I definitely had the tools but I think the issue is that even though roots on frost ended up being good in this match, I think the issue is that it was like not the right bring and so it left me with really limited options. Um, by the way, if you are enjoying the content, don't forget to subscribe. Thumbs up.
 Yeah, I'm posting new videos every day. And we'll be doing a lot more of these this style of video where I kind of do a little intro, talk about the team that I'm using, and then play some games with it. Get ready to battle Mustard. Hello. Um, and if uh if you are subscribed and you post a comment uh about which mega Pokemon you would like me to use, I will at the very least like take it in into consideration when building.
 Um, but only for people who are subscribed. So, this is a rain team, which I think is probably a pretty good matchup for us. We This is Vasculusion female, so it's a special attacker rather than the male. And Meowstick has the trace ability, which I think we need to watch out for because it could trace like Earth Eater if I do like Orworm plus Garchomp.
 They also have belly bolts. I'm kind of inclined to just do Orworm plus Garchomp here with Frostlass and Road's not bad here, but it makes me pretty weak to Scizor. So, I think it's one of these two. I'm inclined to say Basu Legion because if I can get weather control, they have no last respects resistance and two of their Pokemon are weak to it.
 So yeah, I think that this is a pretty solid mode of four. I think this is maybe like my default mode of four as well. Or Garchomp, Frostless, Basky Legion, cuz it gives me two. It gives me a really bulky Pokemon up front that can pass shed Tales. And I can also pass to Basil Legion. Like Bask Legion clicking like I don't know, Wave Crash or Last Respects behind the substitute is like also scary if if you've lost a Pokemon with Last Respects.
 And Garchomp is just like a really good Pokemon to get damage down. And I think spreading damage around early with Garchomp's Earthquake or Rock Slide is probably pretty valuable because like Blizzard's not going to pick up any one hit KOs unless it's super effective. But with Earthquake chipping things down, it certainly like becomes a lot scarier.
 This is a very interesting trainer um trainer design. Okay, Polyto Meow Stick here. So, I would say that off the bat, my instinct is this isn't like a great lead for me, but it's it just kind of depends. I don't know a lot about how strong Mega Meow Stick is. I also don't know what it's going to trace here. It could just trace the thing, right? I'm going to go shed tail plus Earthquake here.
 I think that it's worth the risk that they do trace my Orthater. My Orthater. My god. Okay. I think it's worth the risk that they trace Earth Eater here. Um because like if they do, it's not ideal. And they also might not mega. Wait, is there is there a mega on this team? I should This is why you need to be taking notes.
 I'm so exhausted that I'm not taking notes, but I should be. And then I would know what's on this team and I wouldn't have to wait till next turn to figure it out. That did nothing. Hello. Interesting. They go for Encore. I guess they were expecting some kind of like setup option here as I go for shed tail. So the thing is I have frostless available now, but I could get encore if I'm not careful, right? Like I want to go frostless and click um nasty plot, I think. Okay, I know what to do.
 I know what to do. I'm going to go into frostless here. Okay, I'm not going to mega evolve. I'm going to go for nasty plot. Okay, surely. Oh, that's not right. I'm going to go for nasty plot. And to make sure that this works, I'm going to go for rock slide, which is still 30%. I'm going to go for rock slide here.
 Uh cuz they could switch poly to it out preemptively or they could protect. Okay, nice. And now I have plus two mega frost last behind a sub. They do get light screen up which is good for them. Um certainly good for them, but it's not so good for them. You know what I mean? Like this is still this is still better for me.
 Plus two mega frost behind a sub is still stronger. Like it's stronger than a neutral frostless. Even like vectoring in the the light screen protecting them a little bit. So the question now is what do I do with my frostless turn? I have two options. I can go for blizzard. Doesn't do nothing to me. stick. I think I go for Blizzard here.
 I think I tear and blizzard because it covers switches out. I think I actually want to get rid of this Meow Stick. Yeah, plus two Frostless Minus is very scary cuz this covers your Poli to switch out better than Shadowball. I mean, Shadow Ball might be better, but I think this is fine. Like I basically think that like Blizzard has a chance to um if the Poly switches out, it means something switching in has to take both Blizzard and Dragonclaw.
 And I just think that there's not that many Pokemon on the team that love that. There is of course the Scizor, but um even with the Scissor, if you're switching off Poly Toad, you're not breaking my sub. So they go for Thunder Wave here. perhaps uh a little bit ambitious, but we're we're not so familiar with the substitute mechanics, which is fair.
 Um, and you see, oh, it lived, but it also says 50%, but it's green. Is it going to need citrus berry? Does it have citrus berry? This is going to do like 30, right? Okay, that's okay. Interesting. So, 50% didn't need citrus there. I wonder what that has to like normal in the past. Um, 50% was definitely citrus range.
 Also, I I started to say this, but I think my brain shortcircuited. Um, apologies again for my lack perhaps of of diction. Well, not fiction, but um precision with my words. This is one of the advantages of shed hill is you protect your frost lust from random status moves like thunderwave. Thunder wave here's paralysis chance wouldn't have been that big a deal, but I do think that um it would have been scary if I had to deal with something like this best legion.
Yeah. Um yeah, the speed drop would have been bad. Oh, and they actually go for rain dance. That's really interesting. So, it's no attacking move. Meow stick. I hit both, it appears, unless they change the animation order. But now, I would say this is they're they're kind of back in this actually, unless I freeze them. I'm gonna freeze somebody.
I haven't frozen anybody, but I'm gonna Okay, this Mic was actually really good. This me was actually really, really good. If they had rained on the turn that they thunder waved, I think I actually would have been in more trouble. The thing is though that like if you look at the the situation, I've taken zero damage and I've KO'ed one Pokemon. Ooh. Oh, okay.
 This is really interesting. Yeah, I'm on court. I have to switch here because they can go for bullet punch and surf maybe to get the KO here. I actually think Orthram is not that valuable anymore. I'm just going to switch to Ortham so I can actually click Earthquake here. This is another situation where we see the focus hash coming in like pretty handy.
Go to Orthorm here. Go for an earthquake. Earthquake. They do have a mega. I forgot this was an option. Uh-oh. Can I beat this? Okay, I got the prediction correct. Nice. Yeah, the anchor was actually really nice. It locked me out of uh locked me out of protect. Oh, okay. So, we see my tech coming in clutch here.
 Probably the focus dash is really really impactful. Garcho's able to hang on here. And I think that if Garchomp doesn't get frozen here, I do believe earthquake will take the KO on the Scizor. No, on the Basil Legion here, which is a big deal because it will mean that I win the weather war. And actually, you see Orthworm thanks to Garchomp's help going back all the way to near full HP.
 Um, if not exactly full HP. So, we saw earlier that Oh, and Reflect is gone. That's good. Um, we saw earlier that Polytoad was faster on before Earthworm, right? I don't because I don't have the citrus bear anymore. actually don't think that I'm allowed to go for uh Chantel here. So, I think I can just go for Earthquake again.
 This forces them to target me and body press. This forces scissor to target me specifically. Oh, and actually they're making a bit of an aggressive prediction here. They they figure I'll switch uh Garchomp out cuz it's so low. But I just figured, yeah, like I'm kind of dead in the water anyway, so may as well attack with it.
 Um as they go for swords dance with Scissor. Hold on a second. Now Frost will go down to a single hit. They go for icy wind, but they miss or Okay, that didn't really matter. They missed. Oh, it's the Orm. Okay. Sorry. I don't know the timings yet. Okay, I'm new. I'm new. I'm new. Be nice to me. I'm a beginner. I'm in I'm in Pokeball tier. Okay.
And here we go with body press. I didn't really choose either targeting with much intentionality there. Like I figured it wasn't going to I didn't really think I'd get the earthquake off. I guess if I thought about it, I would have made the I think I made the better play in the end because of what just happened where I could get a K.O.
 And then would like play up um two against one, but I didn't think about it at the time. I just figured like yeah, I mean Polyto has less HP so it's probably more impactful. Um, I think technically the best player is iron defense. I think probably body press aqua jet is better here, but I think it kind of doesn't matter. Yeah.
Okay, forfeit. All right, that's what my trainer says. He goes, "All right, I won." And I think I think given that it's pretty late in the day and this is already going to be a late upload, I think this is good for for this one. That was a good game to end on, I think. Um, some highs and lows. Uh, a couple reminders again, subscribe if you hadn't already or or don't.
 But if you want to see more of the month of champions, it's a good it's a good call. I will also be as soon as I finish this, I will be recording a couple more games that will go up on Patreon. Patreon. I'll be posting um extended cuts of almost all of the battles. The plan is to do all the battles.
 I'll just throw the almost in there just in case. Also, big Patreon announcement tomorrow in tomorrow's video, which I'm really excited for. And is that all my reminders? BGC notebook.com if you want to get the notebook for yourself. And let me know if you what comment or what mega you want me to use next down in the comments below. No, no promises.
 I'm not saying I'll do the top one, but I will take it into consideration. Okay, that's it for me. Tomorrow, I will be better rested and my my hair will look less of a mess. Bye-bye.
