Mega Meganium is WAY Better than I Thought - YouTube

Transcripts:
Alrighty, let's talk about Meganium. So, here's the story. Meganium has been out for a long time. I mean, it's the second generation to starter Pokemon ever. And during that time, it has earned the illustrious title of single worst starter Pokemon of all time. Competitively speaking, I need to clarify that Chikorita was like one of my top two, maybe my top one favorite Pokemon as a child.
 I had like this little Chikorita plushie that I loved so much. I don't have anything against Meganium personally, except competitively. It's been awful. But then they announced Mega Managanium and we got a sneak peek of it stats in Pokemon Legend ZA and the stats looked pretty good. I mean, it wasn't like incredible, but like it definitely looked like a pretty major improvement over Meganium.
The big question about whether or not Mega Meanium was good has to do with its ability. When Pokemon Champions came out, we finally got a look at this and we learned that Meganium has the ability Mega Soul, which is a new and unique ability that only Meganium has. Mega Soul allows Meganium to treat all of its moves as if the strong sunlight is up.
So, it can use moves like Solar Beam, for example, in one turn without needing the charge turn because that's how it works in strong sunlight. The question then became, how how good is this? And the answer is nobody really knows. Not only is this a unique ability, but it's not an ability that's similar to anything else.
 Like we don't have an equivalent for rain or sand or snow. This is literally a oneofone ability. Champions have been out for a couple days now, and I think the Meganium has not gotten that much hype. People are a lot more interested in new mega evolutions such as Frostlass and Mega Eternal Fluette. But just because it hasn't gotten that much attention, certainly doesn't mean that it's bad.
 I wanted to build a team to see if I could unlock Meganium. Well, maybe not it true potential cuz it's still so early. I will not claim to be able to do that. But to get a general sense of how good the Pokémon actually is. For Meganium itself, there's a lot of things that you can do with it, but I personally think the best thing you can do is just to run three attacks and protect.
 Solar beam is a really strong grass type move, especially because Mega Meanium has a really high special attack stat. Dazzling Gleam is its best fairy type move as it doesn't get another stronger option like Moon Blast, but Dazzling Gleam is still good cuz it hits both your opponent Pokemon. And the final move is actually weatherball.
 Weather ball will always be a firet type move when Mega Managanium uses it. And given that steel type Pokemon resist both grass and fairy moves, adding fire coverage in, especially fire coverage boosted by sun, seems pretty good. All right, so we have our Mega Managanium figured out. But how are we actually going to bring out its full potential? Currently, what people are thinking is to pair meanium with rain, specifically Peliper.
 This serves to nullify Meganium's fire weakness. It also gives you tools against Sun, which Meganium is really, really bad against. Like, it's quadruple weak to poison, making it weak to Venusaur, and it's also weak to fire, and it can't really do anything back to these Pokemon. Well, it can it can hit Venusaur, but who cares, right? It's going to die first anyway.
 So, conventional wisdom right now is saying Paramagania with Pokemon like Peliper and Basilion and like our Caladon. And I think this is strong to be clear. Like, I definitely think this could work. But when I look at Meganium, the main weakness that I'm actually worried about is its speed stat.
 Meganium's pretty slow. It's not so slow that like it thrives inside trick room, though it certainly can work. But I think to really bring out its full potential, you want it to be used inside Tailwind. And while it is true that Peliper can set Tailwind up, the thing about Peliper is it's actually pretty slow itself, meaning you can't make the best use of Tailwind because your first turn is kind of wasted because Peliper is probably attacking after your opponent has already moved.
 So I started thinking about pairing Meganium with a faster Tailwind setter. And that's when I looked at Aerodactyl. This is actually my second team with Aerodactyl. I used it on the Mega Starmy team that I built with uh my friend Jacob. but we didn't actually get a chance to use it there. And I think it's standing out as a pretty good potential Pokemon in this format because it's the single fastest Tailwind user.
 Also, its rock typing is really nice for Meganium because again, we're weak to Pokemon like Charizard and Venusaur. And Aerodactyl hits both of them for super effective damage. Meganium is also gigawak to Sneezler and Aerodactyl not only outspeeds Sneezler, but can one hit KO it regardless of if it's holding the focus hash or not thanks to its attack dual wing beat, which hits twice.
 So, Aerodactyl seems like a great partner. Tailwind, rock slide, dual wing beat protect. It even gets the ability a nerve which stops your opponent's berries from activating. I really like having intimidate on my teams. Intimidate is just such a useful ability that we can both your opponent's physical attackers.
 And you know, I mean, there's there's an intimidate user that that you know, you're probably thinking of right now uh and has been used on this channel quite a lot. That's not the one we're using. Instead, we're going to use Tauros Pala Aqua form. This is a water and fighting type that's pretty fast.
 It gives us priority with Aqua Jet. It works inside of Tailwind. It's also good into Pokemon like Toritor and Excadrill who like Meganium is okay into, but like also it's a little bit risky, especially because Excadrill hits it for super effective with steel moves. It just is nice synergy overall. Taurus can also hit the steel type Pokemon which Meganium can only hit with weather ball.
 Meganium resists the grass and electric moves that Taurus is weak to. They overall have pretty good synergy. We have a grass type, we have a water type. We kind of want a fire type and we don't want our team to be entirely relying on Tailwind in order to be attacking first. So next we're going to add one of my favorite firet type Pokemon from Regulation H, which is Huian Tyloian.
 This fire and ghost type Pokemon is really strong with the choice scarf item because it will outspeed most other Pokemon in the game and can hit them super hard with eruption. Eruption does a ton of damage but only while Tyloian's at full HP. So, we'll also use the moves heat wave and overheat as optional firet type moves as well.
 Plus, shadow ball to hit ghost type Pokemon like Basculian, Mega Frostlass, and uh Mega Gengar. That's the other one. This core is looking pretty solid, but there's a couple weaknesses. Arguably, the biggest one is Mega Flowette. So, Mega Fluette is in contention for the single best mega evolution, if not probably a top three mega evolution.
It's incredibly bulky. It does ridiculous damage. Its ability is like so good by powering up all its fairy moves. It has a super broken signature move called Light of Ruin. And in addition to its high natural bulk, it can boost itself even further by using calm mind. Every team needs some kind of explicit counter to this Pokemon.
 An idea that I I don't know if it's going to work, but I think is pretty funny. It's our Caladon. So, typically our Kaladon is this like bulky Pokemon with the ability stamina that makes it bulkier every time it takes a hit. That's not what we're doing here. Instead, we're going to use the ability stalward, which allows us to ignore all forms of redirection such as follow me and rage powder.
 Float is often paired with Pokemon like Sinjet and Mouse Hold. So, this will let us get around it and just attack it directly. The thing is, even if you hit Float with a super effective flash cannon, it's so bulky, it's going to do like 50%. Like, it's actually not doing that much. But flash cannon actually isn't the strongest steel type move that our Caladon gets.
It actually gets this move called steel beam, which is really powerful, but causes our Caladon to lose literally half of its health whenever it hits something. It's a move that's almost never used, and frankly, I don't really expect it to work here. Uh, but but we'll give it a shot. We'll see if it works.
 Our Caladon is also decent against Sun Teams because if you give it the Dragon Fang item, Draco Meteor can actually one hit KO Mega Charizard. not something that we're going to rely on, but like a nice option to have. To finish up the team, we're actually going to add a second mega evolution. This is because there are some matchups, specifically Sun, though there may be others as well, where Mega Meaganium just like kind of can't be brought, and trying to force Mega Meaganium to come to these matchups when it's just not good, is is kind of asking for trouble.
So, we want a mega evolution that's good against Sun. The Mega Evolution we're going to use here is actually the former strongest Mega Evolution, Mega Kangaskhan. Mega Kangaskhan has received many, many nerfs, and I don't think is is in contention for the strongest Mega Evolution in the game anymore.
 However, it's still very good. I like it here because it's pretty bulky and it has a nice like fast but not too fast speed stat, meaning it actually pairs quite nicely with Aerodactyl. By using Kangaskhan and Aerodactyl, we can go for fake out and tailwind on the first turn, get speed control, and then start attacking with Tailwind active.
 Normal typing is actually pretty good into a lot of the Pokemon that we we're against like uh Charizard and Venusaur. Like double edge will probably one-shot both of these Pokemon unless they're super bulky. So using it to get a speed advantage is pretty cool. I'm using what I think is probably the standard Kangaskhan move set, a fake out, double-edge, sucker punch, and low kick.
And I'm using the ability inner focus. Inner focus blocks intimidate, which is also true of the scrappy ability, which Kangask can also get. But I've chosen Inner Focus because it allows me to have two different Pokemon on the team that are immune to flinching. So, if the opponent has a fake out and tricker lead like Incinor plus Hatterini, I can go eruption plus double edge.
 If you want to use this team for yourself, you can do so using the replica team code here on screen now. Didn't say that correct, but whatever. You get the point. And now, I think the biggest question is uh is this is this actually going to work? I'm really curious to use this. I feel like Meganium is a Pokemon that like it was so bad for so long and I feel like the Mega Evolution actually has pretty good potential.
 Like I I I don't know how good it will be, but I think that it's a Pokemon that could genuinely be good. So, I'm excited to try this out. I don't know if this is the best team for Meganium. I I think it's worth noting that a lot of the Meganium teams at the moment are built around the range strategy. That's actually part of the reason why I wanted to try using a strategy that wasn't range is to see if there was like anything else out there.
I have to battle Metagross. Hello. Okay, let's see what they're using here. Hopefully not Metagross cuz uh Metagross is very strong. Okay, so this is a rain team with Fasculusion, Corvanite, Peliver, Dragonite, Arcaladon, and Gyarados. Don't know why I went completely out of order when I talked about the Pokemon there.
 Honestly, Meganium looks pretty good. It hits uh it has dowsing gleam for Dragonite. It has solar beam for Peliper, Solar Beam for Basilion, Solar Beam is pretty good into Gyarados. Weather ball is pretty strong into our Caladon um and Corvite as well. So, I think the gadium could do well here.
 I definitely don't think we need Kangaskhan. And I also don't think we really want uh tyloion here because we don't have any way of changing the weather. So the question is do we want to lead with Meganium or do we want to bring it in the back? There's kind of cases to be made for both. I think we should lead with Meganium here.
 Open up with it and bring these two in the back. Um Aqua Jet could be strong here. Arcadon is decent. Although Draco like the thing is that so many of these Pokemon resist steel that Arcadon is actually kind of awkward cuz I only have Draco Meteor for dragon moves and then I have two steel moves. So maybe double steel move wasn't the best idea in hindsight.
 Um I didn't really think that through. Let's give it a shot though. I'm kind of sitting not that that was not what I was expecting. I the Furious and Meghanium the Cloud Watcher. So immediately the big question in my mind is how much is weather ball even due to our Kaladon cuz our Caladon is not naturally that bulky. Weather ball is not going to pick up a KO here.
Uh but I imagine it wouldn't to Corvanite. So I think Tailwind is pretty nice here. I'm pretty sure we can aim a little hit. I'll go for weather ball. Okay, they didn't switch. So if we can get Corvanite here, that'd be really really clutch. I actually I don't know for sure that weather ball will KO. which feels really strong.
 Like Megan has a really high special attack stat. Let's see if they protect Corvinite here. Okay, they don't protect. So, I'm going to get Tailwind up and I will be able to launch a weather ball immediately. Uh, which feels pretty nice. I guess Snarl from the Artaladon would also be kind of tough for me to deal with, but they probably don't have it. We do get the Corvanite in one hit.
Corvite is a super bulky Pokemon, but yeah, like the first time I played against Beanium, I had Orthor out and I was like, "Yeah, like I'll take weather ball, no problem." And then it one shot my Orthor and I ran the calc and I was like, "That's a lot of damage." And it survives, too.
 Honestly, I think that's pretty good. Like, I think that was a totally good turn. Now I have Rock Slide available. I have Tailwind up. I have Tauros in the back here. Here's Peliper. So, Peliper is a bit scary, but I do have Rock Slide. Um, I kind of just feel like going for Rocklide here to break the sash on the Peliper.
 And then Gleam is my best move here, but if Peliper has wide guard, then I I am in trouble. So, I think I'll just do the safest move, which is weather ball. Um, I go for Rockside, hit both. So, if I'd gone for dazzling Gleam, I would have been in really good shape. Also, why did that do what? Why didn't it do zero damage to Peliper? Wait, hang on.
 What? Here's Weather Ball. Rock Sledge's very good because it also gives me a chance to flinch both Pokemon. It's a lot of damage. Yeah, Arcelon is a bit of a problem for my team. So, even though I do give up plus two defense here, that's not good. Okay, maybe we'll flinch the Peliper. Megan has done well though.
 Like, I mean, it already did a ton of damage. I just don't understand why I'm not doing any damage to the Okay, we got the flinch. Good. Here's leftovers in the Arcadon. So now I have a choice to make. I think I should go Arcadon cuz their last Pokemon. They haven't used a mega yet, right? I got the uh Corvite. I've gotten damage on Peliper.
 I guess it's Dragonite is the last. I think I go for Rocklide here. And I just go for Flash Cannon. I just can't believe how little damage Peliper is taking from Rocklide. I'm pretty sure Flash cannon will KO here. That's not good. That is not good at all. Okay, this could be really bad cuz if I run out of tailwind turns, it will be a bit of a problem.
 We don't know the item on the Peliper. It's probably not Sasha if it's taking little dam this little damage. I just don't understand why my It's like Why am I doing 43%. Okay, let's get another flinch. Aerodactyl, you got me. Nobody else got me. Aidactyl got me. Uh-oh, that's really bad. Okay. Uh, that's really bad. 40%.
 I'm no I'm no longer so sure that I will get the KO with flash cannon. So, I think I will go for Draco Meteor. It's like not the best, but whatever. We take what we can get. See if they void guard. Okay, I hit both again. So, the question now is They're like plus four defense. I've hit them so many times. Who's faster? I am max speed modest, so I would expect to be faster.
 This almost also looks bulky to me. I'm pretty sure I'll be faster. I hit Draco Meteor. That's really good. So, we're now up three against one. Uh, but the the only thing to note here is that the Tailwind is going to end, which is pretty bad for me. Um, but I think three against one, there's not that many Pokemon I'm worried about now.
 Yeah, Meghanium just did so much work. Okay, here's Dragonite. Let's think this through. This is a situation where I have an advantage. So I I am in good shape here. But they have two turns of tailwind and two turns of rain. So what I want to do here is I want to go for protect on Aerodactyl and protect honor Caladon.
 I think here I'm pretty sure they they want to go after my um Aerodactyl here. I'm pretty sure they probably have protect hurricane Draco meteor extreme speed is my guess. So they don't really want to lock Draco meteor but they also don't really have many good choices. I go protect an Aerodactyl. They also could have other moves.
 They might not have protect for example. Um I need to break multiscale and then I need to go from there. I think I do want to switch Arcadon out. Here's Thunder, actually. So, that's pretty spooky. Thunder could definitely throw a wrench in plan in the plan. I actually could lose this, especially with Thunder in the mix cuz with Thunder, they have a move that can like Yeah, just do tons of damage.
They go for Thunder. Aerodactyl will survive this. However, uh I am down to one HP now. See if I get paralyzed. I think if I get paralyzed, that's like how this kind of falls apart. Here's Focus Ash activating. Does it get do I get paralyzed? Okay, no parah. That's pretty good. Maybe tailwind is kind of not even good here because like in retrospect they can just like they can try and stall out the tailwind then it's kind of the same.
 I'm actually going to go for aqua jet here to potentially break multis scale cuz I think that like with thunder they probably have a dragon move and a flying move, right? Okay, they have protect. So I think this means that they don't have I believe that this means that they do not have extreme speed cuz they have thunder protect.
 They probably have drago meteor and hurricane as well, right? Like they probably have dragon and flying move basically what I'm trying to say. protect and wave crash because next turn I can go for rock slide and wave crash and if they KO to like I basically I'm trying to put myself in a position where I can get Arcaladon in Tailwind and because there's only two turns left by protecting this turn and wave crashing then even if they KO Tauros the next turn I get to go for Rock Slide plus uh Draco Meteor and if they like I can this
will always let me get Tailwind up again. I think they go for Thunder and they go into my Aerodactyl and it does not uh does not connect. So that's really good. So, I think actually their best move here is to go for something like thunder and not protect cuz otherwise I will get another tailwind up.
 And in a perfect world, I'd be able to put this thing in a range of flash cannon so that I wouldn't even need to go for Okay, yeah, this is the best move from them. Here's Rocklide. Oh my god, that might just How come Rocklide does like 100 to Dragonite, but it did like 40 to Peliper? Wait, what is going on? Okay, and Taurus wins the game.
 Well, uh I definitely didn't expect that. I also don't think this was an especially good matchup. Like there was a lot of Pokemon that made my Pokemon feel awkward, but it still felt pretty dominating. I think because Meganium just did so much work and put us so far ahead. Aerodactyl was also pretty good here.
 Like getting the flinch on Pelird like Yeah. giving us Tailwind. Those two felt like the real MVPs or Kellon was good as well. It didn't mistra meteor which is sometimes all you can ask for. So um I'm pretty I'm pretty happy with that. It's MVP. Yeah. Let's let's go again. I like Megan. That felt good. Who we're dealing with now? Um this match is up against the black screen. Okay.
 Okay. This is like the standard Sun team. Um, unfortunately against Sun, you can't bring Meganium. Um, it's just like it's just that's just the rule. I'm going to do one, two, three, and then I'm going to bring Ocaladon last. This is a difficult matchup. I I like tried to pick Pokemon like I tried to build a core around Kangaskhan so that I could fight against Sun, but I I was hoping I wouldn't have to use it cuz I like Meganium more.
 We really want Tailwind to be up in this match, I think. Okay, Romon, Sneezler. Interesting. I have Aerodactyl and Kang. It's a good lead from them to be honest. Um I have Inner Focus, so my Kangaskhan can't get flinched, but I think Protect and Switch is probably all right. I don't need Tyloion to win this game. I just have to hope that they don't go for hydrop pump or like I feel like if Vertom's attacking, it should be into my Aerodactyl, right? Okay.
 The nice thing about Tifloion, by the way, is that it has the Frisk ability, so I'll immediately able to figure out their items. Like for example, their choice scarf on Rom. We'll get to know that right away. Here's Frisk. So it's leftovers ROM and White herb sneezler. Okay, cool. This could backfire if they go for any move that does damage into my Tyloan.
There's close combat into my uh Tyloian and they go for Thunderbolt into Aerodactyl. So, this is a good turn. It's not a perfect turn. Wait, no, it is a perfect turn. It's a It's a perfect turn, but I don't know if it's enough. The Sneezler's unlikely to have any bulk is one thing.
 So, I can go for eruption here. It's actually really Wait, it looks pretty close to guaranteed. I'm going to go for rock slide plus eruption here. This gives me good odds of like it gets a lot of damage down. Um, yeah. Gets a lot of damage out on both. Okay, I think that's pretty close to guaranteed. They did 85. No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, no. That's really bad. Oh, and if they close combat now. Okay, that's pretty bad. That's really bad. Give me the flinch. Give me the flinch into Flossion. Okay, it's okay. It's okay. It's just really bad. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. Um, I need Tailwind up to win this game is the thing. Okay, it's okay.
 If I hit if I killed the Sneezler, it would have been so much better. Okay, I go into Kangaskhan. Now, this ROM almost certainly has This is so tough. Okay, I'm going to go Tailwind here and I'm actually going to non- mega fake out the Sneezler. I'm going to call the ROM to protect here. Okay, nice.
 I non-mega fake out here because I still have inner focus if I don't uh if I don't mega So I get the Kne Snezer with fake out and I get Tailwind up. So again, this is the perfect turn, but because I missed that rock slide, I'm pretty far behind now. I missed rock slide. I hit the road to it, but it didn't flinch and it hit hydrop pump.
 Although honestly, it may have been better that Yeah, it may have been better that way. M. Okay, they like Okay, Venusaur. Venusaur is interesting. I'm tempted to just go dual wing beat here and mega double edge into the ROM here. I think this is fine. Like I need damage on Venusaur. This implies like I figure they probably have Charizard as their last unless this is mega Venusaur.
Like they have instant guard drop or Charizard in the back. This is going to be a really close battle if I can pull it off. I'm glad I have tailwind up. I think that ended up being pretty important. Let's see if they mega evolv. Okay, they protect Venusaur so I should get a KO here for no uh no cost, which is excellent.
 I guess on this team they don't always even run. They may not even always run um what's it called? Nice. Getting one. Okay. Okay. And if they go into Charizard here, here's the thing. I'm actually not convinced that Aerodactyl will get the one shot with Rock Slide. Let's see who it is. Charizard. Okay. Do you think Aerodactyl? Okay.
 Seeing how little it did to Peliper now has me spooked. Is that stupid? Oh, okay. The answer is yes, that's stupid. Minimum 133%. So, I'll go for Rock Slide into Charizard. It is extremely effective. And I will double edge into Venusaur. This is the matchup that Kangaskone is here for. Here it is. Charizard. Y. In a perfect world, I think Charizard protects here because because um I have tailwind enough.
 I'm still faster than Venusaur even with Sun. Okay, that that's really good. I think that as long as I get Rockside, I'll definitely KO. And even if I don't, my Kangaskhan is so strong that I think I'll KO anyway. Arinactyl was really the MVP here. Okay, I just had to Okay. Okay, Kangaskhan, I believe in you. Yep, I believed correctly.
 Good job, Kangaskhan. Okay, Aerodactyl. This wasn't Aerodactyl's best game, but it still did the important thing, which was uh getting Tailwind up and threatening this Charizard. Yeah. Here, by the way, we see one of the downsides of um when you're when you when your Pokemon are slower. I think this is one thing that you like some that you may want to avoid um if you're trying to play competitively yourself, which is in this game they got in a position where they were always protecting one Pokemon and like uh just like trying to attack with
the other. But it ended up like because they synced everything up where there was always one Pokemon who was vulnerable after I got the first read correct which is the turn where I went fake out into Sneezler and Tailwind. Um it was actually pretty like it was actually somewhat safe for me to go for an attack into the Pokemon that wasn't protecting.
 Um, and therefore, like I think they they went multiple turns in a row without them doing any damage. I'm pretty sure like I think most of the damage I took was actually recoil damage after a certain point. Like after I got tailwind up, I actually don't think I took much more damage after that point. So sometimes you may just want to be in a spot like with that ROM sneezler turn where you do just attack with both your Pokemon.
 That turn was kind of a read, but yeah, like you you always want to be careful if you end up like with a bunch of slower Pokemon. Um like the turn where they knocked out my tloion if they' gotten my Aerodactyl would have been way harder. Okay, this is my first time facing off against Mega Floette. my my forced time. And they also have tailwind, which is pretty spooky.
 Yeah, this is definitely scary. Okay, Arcadona is here specifically for this matchup, but I don't know if I should lead it or if I should bring it in the back. The thing about leading our Caladon is it's really bad into like Aegis Slash, but it could be really good as well. Okay, I think I do one, two, three here for sure. Last Pokemon.
 Tyloian resists Floette, which is kind of tempting. It's also good to slash and outs Garchomp. Uh Tauros is a bit more flexible and gives me intimidate which is only really useful versus Talonflame Garchomp and Mouseold and maybe I I think I'll do Tyloian. I think it may be true that Kangaskhan is better here. But I actually Meanium looks pretty good once I deal with the bigger threats.
 I think the big question is can I deal with this Floatette because it it'll probably have calm mind. You know what I think I think I was supposed to bring different Pokemon here. That may be my that might be my bad. I'm kind of just hoping they leave Float plus like mouse hold basically. Let's see here. Mega Flowette.
 It's it's it's allegedly the best mega in the game. Okay, this is the lead I was hoping for. Flet plus mousehold. Okay. And I have Aerodidactyl plus Arcaladon. So here's the thing. I don't remember how steel beam works. So my idea here is I can go for Tailwind and get the speed advantage and immediately go for steel beam. Uh I I don't know if they protect if I still lose half my HP also. Okay. Yeah.
 I mean I I it's so funny. I have to go for it, right? Like I mean I could scout. I could go for flash cannon rock slide. Like that would also be fine. Like they're not going to expect stalwart steel beam. I give you that. I can tell you that guaranteed. Okay. They do mega evolve, but it's not it's not so Yeah, it's not so obvious what they're doing yet. Here's the mega evolution.
 Flet turns into mega Flet Unbound. What's it called? Eternal Flower. Here's Fairy Aura. This thing is basically Xernius. Masel goes for follow me. It's trying to redirect Arcalon's attacks, letting Flet either set up or just go for big damage. But Aerodact goes for Tailwind, allowing Arcalon to move next.
 DOES STEEL BEAM HAVE 100% ACCURACY? Can it miss? Here's Steel Beam. Okay, I haven't seen an animation yet. OH MY GOD. AND IT LIVED. WHAT? Oh my god. Oh no. Dodge it, Arcaladon. All right. You know, Aralon, you did good. You did good. I like Yeah, you're fine. You're fine, buddy. Don't worry about it.
 And honestly, go don't don't even worry about it. Don't even worry about it, buddy. You did good. You did good. You did good. Okay. Uh what else is on this team? Like, should I go into should I go into I should go to Meganium, right? Like I have eruption now, which is probably stronger, but I also feel like I don't want to end up locked into eruption against like Garchomp, right? So, I'll just do this.
Okay, that was pretty good. Okay, I can e I either dual wing beat dazzling gleam or I rock sllide and like solar beam. I don't hate rocks slide plus terra solar beam here. I think they're pretty likely to protect the uh the only question is should I weatherball instead to try and cover a switch into Aegis Slash? But if they go into Aegis slash like they're still not they're not really in better shape. It's all solar beam.
 Okay, they don't switch out. My god, that was funny. And it didn't even kill. It didn't kill me because of friend guard to be fair, but also yeah, it still didn't kill. Okay, they do protect Fuette. The the real risk here was that I would go for um rock slide and miss the foulette and let it get another attack off, but because it's protected, like I still would prefer to hit, which is great.
 Do you think solar beam KO is here? I have no idea honestly. Like mouse's really bulky. Rock only did 30%. But I kind of feel like it will. Am I Am I being crazy? I feel like it'll KO. I I feel like I just believe in Meganium. Okay, I mean honestly, the more I use Meganium, the more I like it. I'm going to I'm going to say it. Also, Aerodactyl has been really good.
Okay, now I maybe want to consider locking into gleam because uh I don't want to let this flow get an attack off. Also, if they go into a slash, I should probably go for Okay, it's Talonflame. Okay. Um, so here I think I just click rock slide and I think I just gleam to be honest. Rocklide plus gleam here.
 Um, I want to make sure that I have a chance to get the K.O. here. I need to watch out for them staggering tailwind as well. I feel like if they had age slash it, it would have come in there. I also don't think ages slash and talon flame in the back makes a ton of sense versus my team.
 They actually switch flow out flow at out. So I do need to be careful. Oh, here's Garchomp. Okay, they go for Tailwind if I hit. Okay, if I hit rock slide and Talonflame, I feel very confident that I can win this game because I I should always be able to get a second Tailwind up. Here's Rock Slide. Okay, I hit I hit both. I get rid of Talon Flame and Meganium gets single target Dazzling Gleam damage off.
 I suspect this will pick up a K.O. I do not know for sure. Dazzling Gleam is not the single strongest move. Um, but after everything I've seen from Meganium so far, I'm I'm inclined to say this will get the K.O. Garch goes down. We're now up three against one thanks to our Kaladon sacrifice. Scar jump goes down.
Flet is forced back in, but it only has 14% left. I want to say they're thinking about it. Okay, here's Flet. Okay, my first time facing Fuette. That was really satisfying. I I think I like stalwart steel beam. That's so funny. I think weather ball is my favorite move to click. I'll click. You know what? Solar beam is cool.
 I don't think it will matter though. Maybe I'll see light of ruin. I actually haven't seen the animation in game yet. Okay. Oh, right, right, right, cuz talent is still up. Yeah, this game is over as long. This game is actually I have a guaranteed win condition here because I have um because I have Scarf Tloion in the back and my Aidal still has Focus Sash intact.
 I have I have a guaranteed win condition because even if they were to, you know, KO both my Pokemon, as long as I go for Tailwind on this turn, even if Aerodactyl never hits another move, because I if as long as I get Tailwind up, which should be near guaranteed with this play, um then Tyloion will always be faster than Float and I have the guaranteed uh eruption.
 So yeah, we go for Tailwind. It doesn't really matter. This is just uh just in case they went for like I don't know super giga moon blasts crit um and got the one shot on Meganium which I don't I don't know if moonl crit would ko but I also I do know that flow is really strong. Okay, here is solar beam fluette it goes down and that's another win.
 So overall I would say this was a huge success. Uh Meganium felt good to use. The damage is really good. Aerodactyl was also a real MVP. I brought all the Pokemon, right? Yeah. Yeah, I definitely brought them all. Yeah. Yeah, I brought I brought them all. They all like they all attacked. they all did something. I'm actually pretty close to Master Bolt here.
 Um, but I think that's all I have time for in this video. However, I will be playing uh a couple more games with this team uh that I'll be posting on Patreon immediately after this. So, if you want to see more with this team specifically, um you can find it there. As well as a reminder, by the way, that um I uh my friend Marcus and I designed an entire course or in the process of designing an entire course uh to teach you how to play competitive Pokémon to take you from a beginner all the way to somebody who's ready to enter tournaments and
potentially even hopefully even do well. Um it's going to be available on Patreon in the $10 tier. It's an 8week course. We're doing them one week at a time. So, the first lecture is out um Saturday, April 11th, which is yesterday is the time I'm recording this. Um we'll post one video a week, every single week until the 8 weeks is up.
 So, um if you want extra uh battle videos, if you want other tertiary content around getting better at Pokemon, or you want this course, it's all available in the $10 tier uh on the Patreon. So, make sure you check it out. Okay, thanks for watching. Bye-bye.
