This is NOT how you’re supposed to use Mega Starmie ft. ‪@Alpharad‬ - YouTube

Transcripts:
This is Mega Star me and this is Jacob Alpharad. Hi, I'm Jacob Alpharad and uh yeah, Mega Star me gets huge power, which is a really funny ability. Oh, and doubles its attack, I guess. Yes, it's objectively good, but I had a friend named Ruby who asked me, "Is Star Me the best Pokemon to put this on?" Then when we saw that Star Me gets skill swap, which allows it to switch its ability with another Pokémon, including its teammate, that's when I messaged Wolf about it.
 And then he said, "How did you get this number?" But then I started thinking and I realized that Jacob was right. This idea could be really funny. There's one Pokemon that's a clear standout for a partner for skill swap mega star memies and that's Tyranitar. Specifically, Choice Scarf Tyranitar. The Choice Scarf makes Tyranitar 50% faster which can let it use its spread move Rock Slide before most other Pokémon.
 Despite Tyranitar being so fast, it's still somehow slower than Star Me because Star Mei is so fast. Meaning you can pull off this full combo in just one turn. But just one Pokémon isn't enough to justify using skill swap. We need a second one, which is where Garchomp comes in. One of my favorite Pokemon of all time. And it's just an earthquake user that can hit all other Pokemon on the field.
 Plus, it even has sand veil as an ability, which gives a chance to miss inside Sandstorm. As a secret surprise, Garchomp has Iron Head to KO fairy type Pokemon who think they're safe. There is a problem with Garchomp though, and that's the fact that Earthquake also hits your partner Pokémon, and neither Star Me or Tyrannitar appreciate taking a huge power Earthquake.
 That's why every remaining Pokémon on this team has a way to become immune to ground type moves, including the next Pokémon, Aerodactyl. It is the fastest Tailwind user that isn't a Mega Evolution, which lets us double the speed of our Pokémon for the next four turns. If our opponent also has Tailwind, we can fight fire with fire. Or I guess wind with wind.
 The wolf wrote me to be mean to him. I don't want to be mean to Wolf. Maybe stick to BBC man. I don't want to say that. Anyways, uh this team has a serious problem. We have four physical attackers. If we run into any physical walls, we're kind of cooked. Both remaining Pokémon need to be special attackers.
 And the first one we chose, Wolf chose, is RHDM Heat. Its fire typing smacks the grass types that resist star me and the steel types that resist rock. It can boost Garchomp even further with helping hand which is a little uncommon for RHDM which might be a surprise which means we only need one more Pokémon for the team and that's Aegis Slash.
 Barry type Pokémon especially mega flow are pretty dangerous and a steel type Pokémon helps a ton with flash cannon and shadow ball. Aislash can do a ton of damage and wideguard helps protect our whole team from spread moves including our own guard chomps earthquake. Before we show you the team in action, just a reminder to check and make sure that you are subscribed.
 I'm posting a new video every single day. Many of them featuring interesting strategies such as this one using new mega evolutions. I know you're not going to want to miss it. Make sure you're subscribed. If you want to use the team yourself, I'm sure the editors have the capabilities to put the replica code right here.
 But maybe you should see it for yourself before you use it. >> To me, this is like so nostalgic. We did this in Sword and Shield a lot. >> I know. I'm like, wait, what generation is it? Yeah, we skipped nine. We were both too busy. >> There was no Dracoish and we were like, "Yeah, whatever." >> You're too busy re winning every regional, man.
>> I don't know about that, but I feel like Mega Starmy is in a way kind of the spiritual successor to Dracoish cuz it like doubles it attack stat. >> I just think like there's a really low power level in this format despite having megas. I think it helps that a lot of the new megas, even though they didn't get like quote good abilities, they got a lot of really wacky ones.
>> I think also like people are like, "Oh, it just it's not immediately obvious that they're broken, but like they're still good." Anyway, let's jump in here. I need to preface that like Jacob and I haven't played any practice games with this. We built this purely on Fury. >> Our first opponent is a black screen.
>> That that is a big foe on champions it seems. How possible is it to kill Hatterin before she sets tra? >> We can do it because we can we have helping hand on the ROM. So, we could do helping hand shadow ball. >> Yeah, I was just trying to think like is there something funny with Tar, but in what world do they not just bring in? >> I feel like they have to lead Incinor.
And then maybe in the back we do >> star me plus pteranitar so we can still do our like skill swap combo if we have to. >> I want to do it. Aerodactyl is kind of that guy in this. >> I feel like it. I feel I mean obviously not here because they have to trick him but I do I do really like it. My thought process is like what if we get the um what if we get the hatarini but then they go into trevenant and then we have to do it again.
>> Is the white herb guard chop just for like intim. Yeah, cuz like we since there's so few items I was thinking about I was thinking about break to be honest, but white herb I felt was better probably. >> Also to Aerodactyl's favor having unnerve in ccentric format is so good. >> I totally agree.
 Okay, they let Trevenant plus uh in I really like the way we know what's happening here. >> Yeah. Uh you want to go for helping hand shadow ball? >> I I think you have to cuz I feel like fake out's coming in a rodm so you can't >> even if it doesn't like we can't let jerkim go up. I think also I got to say it is so weird to be able to sh first of all helping hand a steel ghost type cuz I'm like oh yeah it doesn't work but no it doesn't have good as gold it's just YEAH OH >> yeah we got to start getting our our mold breaker helping hand
>> I know I mean this team is dinkon so they could do it >> oh Trevan is weak to fire >> yeah good turn >> yeah I would say so I like totally forgot that they were fire weak I was like why did they fake out ROM and then I was like oh yeah just the overheat scared >> oh it's my oh dude they're they're in trouble They're in big trouble.
 Okay, what do you want to do here? Cuz I feel like our Aegis slash is like kind of in an awkward spot now. >> Incense's coming in to Aegis Slash. I feel >> Yeah, I think so, too. >> What if we swap RHM eat out for Star Me and then next turn like King Shield here and then switch in Tar and skill >> like >> I like that.
 I was going to say we could just like shield >> into the swap. >> Yeah, I think you're right. I I think that makes a lot of sense cuz the thing is that Star Me can one shot the Instin like we don't even need to go for skill swap first. We can KO instant and then we can skill swap. >> Mhm. >> Ages are such a cool Pokemon. I can't believe they took away all his swagger with shiny too.
>> I know. It's so good. >> I mean, they could if they lar into Star Me. Uh GG's. They got it. >> Yeah. >> You know. >> Yeah. Like we probably could have gone Wait, is that physical my went for flip turn? >> What? >> Thinky winky. >> This is >> okay. Nice. >> I don't know what they're scared of. >> Yeah, >> but it's Oh, yeah.
 And they just flareless to that. Okay. I think we won as soon as we hit Trevenant. It's just about how do you want to diffuse it now? >> Yeah. Well, the thing is that we need to be careful cuz they get like Tinkeraton is fake out active this turn. So like we need to be a little bit careful because they're minus two cuz of ages slash.
 I think we can like we can do this like just liquidation the instin. Okay. What if we shadow ball tinker here because like once Tink is low enough >> Yeah. We can then we can skill swap and uh we can skill swap and like we just need to get everything in range of plus two rock like huge power rock slide range, right? >> Mhm.
>> God, Mega Storm is so funny. >> Does that give like Tyranit? No, it's Garcho. No. Yeah, it's Titar. like 270 base attack. >> It's ridiculous. Yeah, it's like it's like Yeah, it's like baton passing swords dance except it happens in one turn. Also, mega star me. Wa! >> Oh, okay. >> Okay. Okay. Hear me out. Hear me out.
Can you skill swap and just hard switch? >> Like surely surely Rom can win from here, right? Like surely even if we lose both mons. >> Yeah, that's how I feel. >> Okay, we're on the same page. >> I I don't know. I I've just been so scared of running into forfeits lately. >> I know.
 I got my dramp on a plus six and they forfeited. I was really sad. >> I think we came here to do one gimmick and it would be a crime if we just play optimal. >> I know. I know. I know. I know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And they just go for like faint and hydrop pump and we take like a billion damage. Okay. Show us protect protect.
 How about a cheeky double protect? >> Okay. This is another side random question. Uh how does gigaton hammer instruct work? >> I'm pretty sure you're allowed to use the move twice in a row. You're just not allowed to click the move twice in a row cuz Encore will also cause like like those moves to activate again. Okay, we got we got it off.
 The question is, do we make it through the turn? >> Which is a huge question. >> Okay. >> I mean, are they going to hydrop pump into >> Aegis Slash? >> We might flip turn. Who knows? >> Yeah. The thing is that like with the sand special defense boost, unless they're really strong, I feel like we'll survive. >> I feel good here. >> I feel good, too.
 Okay, it hits. This is not going to KO, but it could drop our wa That's strong. It would never drop our accuracy. >> Okay, we can go into roto and click helping hand, which is the funniest possible. >> Like the the safe move here is agis slash and wideguard. >> Uh-huh. >> They could be scarf my logo, by the way, which I think is Why do they have flip turn otherwise? >> But I I think we have to do it, right? We have This is the funniest option.
>> Yeah, this is the funniest option. Uh both rock slides could miss. >> That's also true. Like there's so many ways this could go badly. So here's helping hand to render is huge power and helping handed now. Let's see if we get the rock slide off. >> They would never miss both rock slides. Oh my god.
 They would never miss both rock slides. >> Dude, my Lotic is bulky and Tink resists it. What on earth? >> Okay, I I I'm just going to run this damage couch real quick. >> Yeah, please, please, please. This is the advantage of having two of us. Inciner. Wow, that's really funny. I mean, it is like it's the equivalent of using plus4 rock slide, which is actually crazy when I say it out loud cuz we didn't even set up on Tyranitar.
 Like Tren clicked one attack that whole game and it killed everything. >> We got set up on the switch in which I think is also crazy. >> And we sacked Star Me that turn two which was really good like to get the ro for free. Wow, that was actually my like my adrenaline was going a little bit. I felt good. I feel like it gave me a hit.
You know in Spider-Man how Spider-Man is like he's like talking to his friend who's running all the calcs. They have like the they're like yeah like Ned is the guy in the chair. I'm I'm saying like at best we had a 95% chance to kill. >> I I don't believe that. Rocklide is really not that strong of a move to be honest.
>> Or no, that it did 95%. Yeah. >> Oh. Oh, okay. If they have no bulk, it's always guaranteed, I think. >> Yeah. I guess I guess maybe this had no bulk. >> It full HP after a sand tick. It was like 2/3 in our favor to kill. Okay. Wow. >> Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. I was like, I don't think it was guaranteed despite how strong he was.
>> Yeah. >> Mealopony peliper rain. Okay. What are you thinking here? Definitely star me. I don't know if we want in the front or the back. >> I've seen a decent amount of it. I think just having scrappy fake out is something to keep in mind. I even like setting us up for the potential double protect against it.
>> Yeah, I agree. I think we want to bring Tyranitar in the back because of the rain. >> Mhm. >> I think we don't want Aegis Slash here cuz like they have me they have a lot of Pokemon that hit it including Megalopony. >> Oh my god, there's also a hidden setting to have it show how many turns of sun and >> I heard about this.
 I heard about this on stream. I was like, "Huh, that's >> crazy." >> Okay. Okay. I think we should do the potential funniest option which is starmy Garchomp. Star memy Garchomp lead. >> Yeah, >> with Agis slash. And I guess we should probably bring Rotum in the back here. I think cuz my thought process is basically if we can get the skill swap on to Garchomp.
 Like this team is relatively slow except for Lony. So if we can get the skill swap on to Garchomp then Wait, how fast is Lony by the way? It's not that fast, right? Is it slower than um slower than Star Me? It is. Wait, no. L >> here. Let me >> Oh, never mind. I don't know why I said it wasn't that fast. It's extremely fast. >> Yeah, 135. 135.
That's very fast. Okay, so they have incin but we have the white herb >> and basil legion. What are you thinking? We could just protect both >> double protect. I think >> I think so. >> Yeah, I don't think either of them are really there's not a lot of setup in this format. >> Yeah, like the biggest risk could be if Peliper switched in here, but even that's not such a big deal.
>> That's where I'd like to I really like Mega Dragonite in a lot of these instances of just having always having the choice. >> Yeah, 100%. Nice. Okay, flip turn. Okay, cool. So, I guess Bask Legion's switching out here then. I think we should definitely mega evolve. We should definitely skill swap ourselves.
 The question is, what do you want to do with Garchomp here? >> What do they have in the back? Scared of >> like if we earthquake, we have to watch out for like Peliper or Sinestra. So, maybe we dragon claw I guess then we should dragon claw. So, the question is do we dragon claw into instant or into Basky Legion? >> How much do you hate the Peliper is the real question? >> I think if we get rid of Peliper, we have a big ad.
 Do you want to hit Basque? >> Yeah, go for it. >> Yeah, why not? Oh, they didn't switch. at the end of the day. Well, they were going to flip turn, right? >> Yeah. I was just thinking like, you know, like we have liquidation available. They don't know we're skill swapping, you know, like we could have just K in some liquidation.
>> Hey, flip turn, but into star me. Okay, >> let's see what is about to eat this guard. >> Yeah, the dragon. >> Our dragon claw. >> I think it's probably Yeah, Peliper. Okay, so this means that like we if if this doesn't much as I expect, it means we can KO them with sand, which is pretty funny. >> Yeah. >> Also, I think they're scarf Basil Legion, which I expected, but it's just good to keep in mind.
 Yeah, I just assume sash here. So, >> we're not going to get the funny reaction. Wow. Garchomp killed Peliper. >> Whoa. >> Oh, no. >> Oh, man. >> Okay, think about it this way. It only cancels out. >> Back to neutral. >> We're actually just back at square one. This is fine. >> Our storm is minus one. It has no ability.
 I think we should probably switch. >> Yeah, we could bring in tar now. >> The thing is like what do they They could burn us, I guess. Yeah, >> let let's bring in RHDM cuz nothing's like threatening Peliper, right? >> Yeah, I think you're right. Peliper's not really threatening anything right now. >> I think we should dragon claw the Peliper just to Cuz if we get the weather war claw >> Oh no. Oh no.
>> So you're saying we could have killed it? >> We could have killed OH MY GOD, THAT'S SUCH A BIG DEAL. WE DON'T HAVE TO stole Tailwind. Oh my god. >> All right. Yeah, they got Prankster Paliper on their side. Helper. >> Oh my god. Show me what it was. >> Oh no. We could have did >> not kill that, >> dude.
 Our guard, our huge power guard jump has been reduced significantly in power. It's about to be minus two and burned. Our poor guard jump. >> Oh no. >> Okay. Well, it's it's not it's still better than it sounds if you think about it. >> Yeah, I guess I I guess that's true. I think we might be getting cooked cuz we don't have a we didn't bring a Do we have a water resistance on this team? Oh, we do. We have Star Me.
>> Yeah. Like I think wave crush basket legion is about to just like send us to the shadow realm. I think we have to stall this tailwind somehow. That's the only way I can see to win. I >> I guess this isn't really playing around the tailwind, but like you could bring weather in and then like at least make wave crash do less.
>> The thing is if I bring it in this turn, both Ramons are going to get die next turn. I think maybe I just click earthquake and just get a little damage down. I think we might be I think we might be in some trouble. >> Believe it or not, I think Incinor is the preferred teammate over huge power guardian.
 Yeah, somehow I can't believe they will and parting shot and fake out. So I guess they only have one attack. >> Oh, they went for flip. >> They did see Garchomp get huge power. >> Oh, and we don't we don't have a uh whatever it's called. >> Star me does have huge power again though. >> Exactly. Exactly. So we could >> I think we can use the rain suit our advantage here.
 It just kind of sucks for RHDM. >> We could we switch to Tar cuz I don't think like Tar doesn't outspeed Bask Legion anyway. Try and get the Lony. I don't even know if we'll survive, but it seems worth a shot, right? >> I believe in this killing low pony. >> It'll definitely kill. I just don't know if we'll die first. >> Well, you just got to hope.
>> Please. You know, >> you have to overestimate huge power here. It's the only way. >> Like they have triple axle. They could have just lost fake out, right? So maybe maybe they don't have a normal move, which is definitely cope. Like maybe it's like high jump kick. They flip turn. We should survive this. >> God, that's Legion's so strong.
>> Oh my god. >> Yeah. Oh, wait. I think that they can just kill even if we get the KO here. Doesn't wave crush just kill all our guys. >> Yeah, >> the Tailwind the quicks claw tailwind made this a little harder. But I think we were always going to have some trouble with basket legion. >> Oh, >> dude. >> We survived this surely. Okay, hold on.
>> I I just can't believe we the quick claw pel. >> I know. >> Above all else, I just can't believe huge power guaro didn't take it out. >> I know. It must have been bulky cuz they had quick claw. Maybe the focus is on something else. >> Is this last respects into the star me though? Oh, I we should knock off, right? Just to keep them honest.
 Force them into a water move. >> No, this is hard no matter how you slice it. >> I think we're in trouble. Okay, >> I think I kind of like the idea of doubling into the basket legion. >> Okay, we could switch out this turn cuz they're probably going to fake out to reset the intimidate, which might give us a chance. Okay.
 Okay, I see how we can win. I see how we can win. Ready? >> Yeah, >> they're going to fake out the star me this turn. So, we switch rom instead. Okay. >> Yes. >> And then next turn. >> They would never wave crash the star me. >> And then next turn. Okay. Okay, so they fake out they fake out the ROM this turn or they >> I like technology of the distant past.
That's fun. >> Oh, beautiful. >> Nice. >> Thank you, Mr. World Champ. >> Okay, and now they liquidation tar, right? So, they're like, "Okay, okay." Like, now they're thinking to their themselves like, "Okay, I can't I have to liquidation the ROM, right?" Because if I if I attack into the Star Me and I eat Thunderbolt then, I might lose, right? Like following.
 So, this turn they have to they have to liquidate into the Rom. Yeah, >> I don't think the Tailwind matters too much. Now, >> it does because now Star is faster than Inen. So, we can liquidate the instant and protect this turn and hopefully they um they can they liquidate our ROM and then next turn they'll like be like okay like yeah now I I can KO ROM and they go for KO into ROM and we go helping hands and headbutt and we hope it KO's the Basque Legion in one.
>> You got it champ. I was thinking that too. >> Yeah, 100%. I wish we could do something with skill swap here. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's half of it. I think just the nature of this team is that you don't get to do the gimmick every turn and if you do you'll typically die. >> Yeah.
 I I mean to be fair we did get an ungar. They just had really bulky peloper intimidated parting shot. >> Yeah. Like okay to be fair like the huge power like skills huge power is not supposed to work when they burn your gu and partying shot your guard jump and then intimidate him again. So okay Jacob there is a choice here. We could go for zen head button and thunderbolt if we think they're going to attack into star me, but I think they're probably going after ROM, right? >> Whenever I'm presented with this of like the Oh, I could get the protect here. I
usually just double in and just pray. >> So, you want to do helping hands that headbutt. The question really is, do you think it KO's? >> That's my thing. I I guess I'm just too unfamiliar with Star Me. I'd go for it. Yeah, let it rip. I feel funny if it works. Also, guess there's also the protect angle that >> there there's there's I guess we could have gone for the double protect.
 Yeah, let's see here. See, they liquidate. Rom. Okay, so if we hit Zen headbutt, we have a chance here. I have no I genuinely have no idea if this kills. >> I was saying like if we're going for the the helping hand. Uh wait, let's see if this kills first. Okay, never mind. Who cares? >> Who cares? >> Technically, it was one because of huge power. So the video still active.
>> Yeah. I mean, when I build these strategies, I'm like, this is the main strategy. I'm not saying necessarily it's going to work in every single game, you know? >> Yeah, of course. I forgot we're grinding ranked with this. >> Yeah, grinding the master ball. I I I got to say I kind of like Mega Star me. Like I didn't think I thought it was just going to be here for the gimmick, but like I I kind of like the way that it's feeling.
>> It's It feels pretty abstract. >> Yeah. >> Is that a Is that a good word? >> I think so. Yeah. It's like the path to victory isn't always clear, but it it does exist. >> Mhm. Which is kind of the Wolf Glick way, I feel. >> Yeah. Oh, dude. It's another trick room team. And this one has this one has uh Follow Me Clefable potentially.
 And we I don't think we can one-shot this. I >> So, do you think they're opening for with forgraph? What about huge power knockoff? >> So, Star Me Tyranitar. >> Yeah. >> Okay, I'm down. And then in the back. Oh, okay. Okay. I have an idea. I have an idea. I have an idea. Okay. Ready? We do We do that lead and then we do these two in the back. Okay.
>> And if they lead Incinor, they're going to be like, "Oh, well, like Tyrannar is the threat, right?" So, they fake out Tyranitar. Yes. >> And then we switch to Garchomp and skill swap and we get we get around the intimidate. Oh my god. Genius. Beautiful. We will be playing in trick room and then we have ages slash with wide guard to hopefully save our guard chomp.
>> Fair enough. Yeah, >> that's and then we like go into a slash and we wide guard earthquake. >> All right, chicken Yaga. >> Okay, okay, okay, okay. >> Yeah, this is the lead. >> This is the lead. So, you want to go you want to go for it and just skill swap. We definitely skill swap here, right? >> We I think we skill swap, but I I'm with you with the switch because I think we just have to accept the trick room.
>> Yeah. And also this way we get around the intimidate. Okay. If we're if we're really high rolling, then we can dodge the fake out with um Sandville. >> Yeah. >> Oh no. What? Oh, I think we lost. >> Oh. >> Oh, that's not good. Oh, our beautiful strategy. >> He personally didn't factor that possibility. >> I didn't even consider that it was possible.
 So, >> okay. Okay. Hear me out. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Uh the nuclear option. >> Uhhuh. What? What if we go for skill swap EQ? >> Okay. What? I like skill swap. What if we dragon claw the frig here, >> dude? Yeah. Yeah, that works, too. >> I mean, how do we the entire board? >> Yeah. Yeah. Let's Let's do this. >> All right. All right. All right.
>> Oh, I think they missed. I THINK THEY MISSED. OH, BIG BIG IF TRUE. >> OKAY. OKAY. We're going to get the skill swap off. White herb is going to activate. >> Okay. And here's your white herb. This is kind of perfect, actually. >> Yeah. It's like not that bad all things considered.
 Oh, it shows up during the animation. >> Oh, just by the way. >> Okay, Torqul. Dude, I I think we're like not in terrible shape here. >> You could also bring Tar back out if you're too scared of like the eruption. >> We could Okay, that >> would also give Stari huge power again, too. >> Okay, so I think there's two options here.
 I think we either sack like protect and sack star me or we switch to tar and like earthquake. I guess >> I I rather protect than throw taro, you know, have him take this huge power you. >> Okay. But what what if we Yeah. Yeah. I think you're right. I think you're right. Like it's just so funny. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. We we'll protect here. Oh.
Oh, sorry. I think they might be Oh, wait. There's no choice specs. I think you were right. Sorry. I think we might have survived this. >> That might be my bad. Okay. But but now because they didn't switch out, I think we're actually in decent shape cuz we stole another turn of tricker room. We sacked Star Me.
 Thank you for your service. But I think now we can go into Aegis Slash and we can click Wideguard Earthquake and like what are they going to do? >> Oh no, you're right. Like >> Yeah, you're right. >> If they switched Fergaf into innocent on that turn, then it would have been like kind of scary, right? Cuz now they would have fake out this turn.
>> Yeah, you're right. >> Also, look, I really like this guard chomp ability. Huge power. So just wide you down for wide guard EQ >> always. >> Okay. Okay, wideguard. I think uh Garcho dodging that hyper voice might have been pretty big here. Okay, here's eruption. >> Dude, I think wideguard in this format is such a crazy move.
>> Oh my god. Oh my god. I kind of feel bad. >> Here's EQ. >> And it gets blocked. >> Is this huge power earthquake? Earthquake actually would never kill Tolk normally, but uh yeah. How about How about them apples? Star me sacrifice going coming up clutch here. OH NO. >> Oh no. Oh my brother.
 You know what you must do. >> Do you want to We should probably protect on this turn right with Garchomp. >> Yeah, I think just get the trick room out of the way first. >> Yeah, >> it's just king king shield protect. >> We can't king shield cuz we just wide guarded so it'll fail. >> Oh duh. >> We could just attack go out swinging.
>> Yeah. Do you want to just like shadow ball the instant I guess? >> Yeah. Just follow sing the song that's in your heart. >> Okay. I think it was just shadow mull incident and protect. >> All we really need is guard chomp EQ. >> Exactly. Exactly. I feel like I feel like And also to a superpower, so he can always beat the kingdom in a one versus one.
>> Yeah, he did not want that. >> Wait, we're back. Hang on. They're back. >> Oh, hang on a second. We got a ball game. >> I'm sitting up in my chair. >> Hang on. Yeah, it's gamer. I don't think plus two sucker punch will kill us. I'm pretty sure you're still full HP. So, I will say that dodging that uh that hypervoice may have been a bit more instrumental than I initially thought.
Now, I think we can King Shield Eye. >> I say just let it rip. >> Just let it Okay, I'm down. I'm down. I'm down. Like, I actually don't know if King Gamble will go down to this. I think King Gamble will probably survive. >> I'm inclined to believe that he would. >> It's just cuz the intimidate, you know what I mean? Cuz I feel like King Gambit is so bulky.
 Anyway, the real question is, does Garchomp survive? >> I want to believe in my huge power king. >> Yeah. Okay, Garchomp, he gets the attack off. That'll probably steal the game one way or the other. The question is, does King Gamma go down here? Okay, it doesn't. But that's okay. Garump did his job. Three and a half kills.
 Three and three and 3/4 kills. >> I just wanted to believe, man. Why don't Why do I Why would I ever doubt I ever doubt Wolfie VGC? >> I mean, I didn't know. I It's not like I've had huge power guard chop before. Wow. >> I just wanted to believe, man. >> My god. Okay. >> I feel like sometimes you have to mentally argue against the calcs in your head and listen to the calcs in your heart.
>> I agree. I mean, listen, if he crit, then he would have gotten it. And I think just >> Yeah. Crits are the calcs in your heart. >> That's right. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. And you know what? I don't get crits very often cuz I don't believe in the way that I should. >> Mhm. >> And that's my fault and I'm listening and learning.
>> Okay, we will revisit this next turn. >> I think the funniest thing I've ever heard in regards to a passive turn that does like we will revisit this next turn. I love that. >> Yeah, just as per my last email type, >> nothing has changed. My my plan has not changed. I promise. >> Oh, here we go. Sucker punched plus two.
Yeah. No, thanks. That's not a huge power. Play that much. >> Ry at least could have killed the Eegis slash if they really wanted to. >> I guess they roam for the win. I don't blame him. Maybe if they got the gig crit, but yeah. >> Yeah, but you said they wanted one more on the board. >> Yeah, Rose didn't take it.
 All right, I think that's I think that's all we have time for today. But dude, I think that was a that was a a hugely, if you will, successful uh couple games. >> It was It was wacky. That's for sure. >> I think my only regret is that we didn't get to bring Aerodactyl, but we also played two tricker room teams, which isn't really our fault.
 So, >> no, I I think those are the people we played against. Well, >> but the team is funny. >> I think the team is really funny. >> That's the main point of it, right? >> Yes. Um, Jacob, thank you much for for joining me for this. Uh, if you want to use the team for yourself, here is the ID that I'm pulling up right as we speak.
>> I'm just happy to be the the voice on your shoulder and just throw ideas at you, right or wrong. >> My conscience. I did something like this with uh Star Me and Dragonite just so I can spam E speed. Yeah, but >> that's so good. >> Yeah, it's funny. I just like team building. Yeah, just Jacob Alphar Alpharette on on YouTube and Twitch and all those fun things.
 And yeah, I just do Pokemon things. >> And we're going to be filming right after this. We're going to be filming a video for Jacob's channel. So, if you want you want to see that. What are we using, by the way? Have you are we doing the uh what we talked about yesterday? >> I I have a wacky little idea I haven't I haven't told you about.
>> Yeah. Okay. Keep it keep your eyes out. Go a hit subscribe over there. Okay. Thanks for watching. That's it from us.
