I Turned Mega Drampa into a Monster - YouTube

Transcripts:
Before Pokemon Champions release, there was this rumor. The rumor stated in no uncertain terms that Mega Drampa would be given the ability Drizzle. Drizzle is one of the all-time best abilities in all of competitive Pokemon. This is because it sets up the rain, and rain is like one of the best, if not the best, weather conditions.
 Dramp would be a good drizzle user because it gets powerful moves that get stronger in the rain, such as hurricane and thunder. Technically, they become more accurate, not stronger, but whatever. Anyway, this was a credible leak because like Drample looks like a thundercloud. You know what I mean? So, they thought, yeah, of course, like yeah, it makes sense that they would give it drizzle.
 However, when Pokémon Champions finally released, it turned out that Drampa did not get drizzle and instead got the ability berserk. Berserk isn't a bad ability, but it's an ability that Base Drampa already gets. And like, Base Drampa doesn't really have any usage at all. And almost all excitement surrounding mega drampa went out the window, except for me.
 If the Pokemon with Berserk drops below half HP, it gets a special attack boost. This is a powerful effect, but once you're down below half HP, like you might be dying soon anyway. So, except here's the thing. Berserk could activate multiple times for battle if your Pokemon is healed back up above 50%.
 So immediately I started thinking about ways to abuse this. The most obvious partner for Mega Drampa is Sinista. Sinisha has the ability hospitality which heals its partner by a quarter of its health every single time Sinisha switches in. Sinisha can heal its partners even further with the move life do which heals 25% every time that it's used.
 And this healing seems good, right? But the thing is that Mega Drampa, while bulky has a couple of weaknesses. The first weakness is that it's not actually that bulky. Like it is it is totally respectable. I would say it's even good. But it's good bulk isn't enough given how slow it is. Drampa's almost always going to be attacking second and so its good bulk just like isn't enough to keep it alive.
 Sinisha can help with this a little bit with the moves rage powder and trick room to either protect Draa from attacks or allow Draa to attack first. But it's not enough on its own. It needs more help. And this is where things start to get a little weird. The first idea I had was to give Draa calm mind which raises it special attack and it special defense.
With heightened special defense, Jumbo will take less damage from moves and therefore be able to put the healing from hospitality to good use as well as any boost it gets from berserk. But this really doesn't address the speed problem. And that's when I found Alakazam. Not mega Alakazam, base form Alakazam.
 I don't I don't know why I pointed there. First things first, did you know Alakazam gets the ability inner focus? I think I probably did at one point, but like I I didn't remember. I knew it got synchronized, knew it got magic art. Anyway, it doesn't matter. Inner focus means it can't be flinched, which means you don't need to run the move protect.
 And Alakazame gets three different moves that can all help to support drampa. The first two are reflect and lightcreen which reduce all physical and special incoming damage by a third for the next five turns. But lots of Pokemon get reflect and lightcreen and frankly there are better users than Alakazam. So why is Alakazam here? The answer is that Alakazam is one of only three Pokemon to get a specific move in Pokemon champions that I would very much like on this team and is what enables the entire strategy.
 It's also the fastest of these three Pokémon which is a big deal because the move in question is speed swap. And what it does is it switches the speed stat of the user and the target. So if Alakazam has wait 120 plus plus 20 is 142. If Alakazam with 189 speed uses speed swap on its partner Draa, Drampa ends the turn with 189 speed.
 Sorry, Drampa just gets 189 speed at that moment. It doesn't even have to end the turn. It just it just has it. These three Pokémon form the core of this team, but I needed three more to finish it out. Peliper actually does get Drizzle, so it felt fitting to pair it with Draa. And since we have Peliper on the team, we can also add Basil Legion, who is probably the best swim user in the game slash I'm not going to say of all time, but it's it might eventually get there.
 It's really really good. These five Pokemon felt pretty good together, but I knew that I needed something for when Draa wasn't very good in a matchup. The obvious answer here was against fairy type Pokemon, though certain dragon types can be hard as well. So, I added Scizor, specifically Mega Scissor with Swords Dance.
 It can also take advantage of Reflect and Lightcreen, and it really benefits from the rain that Peliper sets up. If you want to use this team for yourself, you can do so using the replica team that you can see on the screen here. Although I should I should let you know that I think that the Mega Dramp aspect of this team is like really fun and really good.
 I'm not so sure about the other three Pokemon. Dealing with dragon types and fairy type Pokemon was actually pretty difficult even with uh like Scizor. If I do end up revisiting this team and trying to improve it, I will put that up on Patreon if you're a member there. Last thing I'll say before we jump into the battles is to make sure that you are subscribed.
 I'm posting a new video every single day for the month of champions. And I mean if you're watching this video, you're probably going to want to watch more, especially after you see what Trampa does. So uh yeah, my recommendation as not a doctor and not close to a doctor is to subscribe. I don't know if it's going to work. I I'll I'll be straight up with you. Okay.
Okay. Let's see. Ah, Tar, excited, Corvinite, Sneezler. I think Sneezler might be kind of hard for me. So, I have I have like my Scissor here. Okay. We're going to try the main strategy here, which is Drampa, Alakazam, Sinister for sure, and I guess we're Peliper fourth. Yeah, cuz this is a rain team.
 Okay, we're going to try this. I don't know if it's going to work. I have no idea. And I don't think this is an especially good matchup, but let's give it a shot here. So, I think this is actually a pretty decent lead for us all things considered. I'm going to go for Drampa and Alakazam here. Now, fun fact about Drampa is that it has Cloud9 before it um mega evolves.
 So, I'm just going to go for a cheeky protect here. And we're actually going to go for reflect with Alakazam. We're going to reflect with Alakazan. We're doing this because if they switch in um Tyranitar, they will not be able to activate. Well, the sand will go up, but it won't it won't have effect because of Cloud9. They go for FAKE OUT INTO ALAKAZAM.
 NO, LOOK AT HOW MUCH THAT DID. ALAKAZAM gets inner focus. Did you know this? I like forgot about this AND THEY DOUBLED IT. THEY HARD RED ME. OKAY, but I survived. Okay, now I'm going to um switch Draa into Sinest. They like to cover for the obvious fighting move. And I'll go for um psychic into Sneezler and I'll move first.
 I think just kill the sneezer here. Seems like reasonable. Like extra probably has the sash, right? Okay, now that I've uh baited just in case they were watching, you never know. Now I'm going to mega evolve and earth power the sneezler and I'm going to go for speed swap into drampa. All right. So we have reflect up. Drampa has mega evolved.
 And if this works if I if I if my alakazam moves first. It does. Speed swap activates which switches the speed stats of Alakazam and Draa. So Drampa now is a mega evolution with 180 speed stat. And it goes into Sneezler. It picks up the one hit KO with earth power. Sneezler goes down. I have reflect active. I have reflect up. Uh, and I can go for comb mine next turn. They go for Iron Head.
 They take out Alakazam. That's totally fine. Um, my position now is actually a little awkward with Peliper in the back because I don't really want to go into Peliper because they can just switch into um, Tyrannitar. I'll go into Sinestra first, I guess. Like Rage Powder is not bad surely. Okay.
 And if they don't go to Tyranitar, then I can go for Macha here. Like I can always switch out later. What I'm going to do now, actually, is I'm going to I don't really need to call mine, but I'm going to do it anyway. And I'm going to switch to Peliper. I could just Earth Power here. I I'll call mine switch developer.
 I think this is totally reasonable. Oh, I I had to wait a second because now we have reflected mega drampa with a combine boost with 180 something speed. 100 120 base speed. What is that? 120 plus 172 like 189 base speed or speed stat. Oh, they might be megaar. Hold on a second. Ah, I didn't wait long enough. Shoot.
 Okay, I may have made a I might have made a mistake. Okay, hang on. I might have made a mistake. That might be my bad. But my doesn't have protect, so I think this is the right play regardless. I should have waited longer. Maybe I need a 45se secondond delay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. My bad. My bad. My bad. My bad. Okay, I might be in trouble now.
 I might actually be in genuine trouble. Okay, the iron head. There's a lot. I flinch. Oh no. Oh, they crunch. Okay, fine. I think it's pretty strong, but not actually not that strong. Okay, I think I no longer allowed to go for combine. Now I think I'm genuinely in trouble. So now I think I just protect Peliper and Earth Powerpower Tyranitar.
I think I'm going to Earth Power the Exadirl. Actually, I was just doing that just in case. And switch back. Is he? Hello. Just practice Sinisha. Okay, Sinisha's back in. So here I'm going to be able to heal from hospitality. Drinking down a lamacha. They go for high horsepower into Draa. So I can't flinch here.
 This is doing a lot of damage even with reflect active. There's the sash. Great. And they go for ice punch. Ooh, hello. I'm in trouble. Hold on a second. I think I'm losing this. I am really strong now though. Like really really strong. Hang on a second. Should I I can protect and life dude? That's one option. My dramp's plus one.
 Hang on a second. I got I got to run a damage talk. I think I'm dead. I think I'm actually dead. OH, THEY SWITCHED. WAIT, I CAN STILL WIN. I CAN STILL WIN INTO ROM. YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH. OKAY, plus one special attack hypervoice cuz I'm I should be in shape to potentially win the weather war here. I go into back into Peliper.
 Hold on a second. It's not over yet. Rain is back up. We don't want to see protect here. Okay. Okay. I I turned off the sand stream. I'm sorry. What? Wait, what? I didn't get combine active. That was non-comm. That's a That's a spread move. Okay, I protect here and I go back into Sinia. Okay, that's not right.
 I do not like that. It's going to make it like if I'm not moving on a on a tight timer, it's going to mess me up. Okay, because what this will do is it'll let the sandstorm knock out ROM and it will heal my Draa. Okay, Peliper out. Initiative back in. I heal again and we protect to let the sand KO roto. Okay, a thunderbolt.
 Makes sense. Should take this pretty well and they rock slide. Okay, cool. I mean, I know I'm plus one from Berserk, but even still, it's very powerful. Yes, yes or yes. Goes down to sand. Wait, I didn't see the sand take. Does it all happen at the same time? No. Okay, good. I'm going to go for Earth Power here for sure.
 I don't actually think I'm supposed to switch Impel because if they rock slot, I could lose both. So, I'm going to go for Macha here. Yeah, side pain split would have been a little scary, but then I I was worried about it being like scarf, right? And KOing Dramp with Thunderbolt before I could move. So, here's Earth Power.
 If I got the calm mind up, I could have gotten the one shot by Stream P. They lose special defense here. Let's see who's next. Ice Punch. So, Draa eventually does go down. Draa, thank you for your service. You did good, buddy. And I think Sinish is actually going to to pick up the KO here. Okay, here's Matcha. Gotcha. Does it KO? Nice.
 Drop a special event drop coming in clutch. That was probably a match where I was supposed to bring uh Scissor instead, but I wanted to do Drampa. Okay, another Sun team. This one is Whimsicott though, which is pretty spooky because um because of Encore. Yeah. Do I need to do something different here? Like Pelar is so good if I get the rain up, but how do I get the rain up consistently? Drampa is like not that good as a prim as like a starting attacker.
 I think I have to use Draa as just a an attacker and then try and win the game with Basil Legion in the end. Like try and try and use Draa just to get a K.O. I think Charizard Whimsicott. Okay, actually that's a pretty good lead for me all things considered. Um I don't think I can afford to go for calm mind here.
 So I think I go for light screen and then I go for maybe just mega evolve hypervoice. There is a potential downside to this, but it could be Charizard X. I always I always assume it's Y, but if it's X, it's going to be a lot harder. You get VP from KOs. Is that true? Okay, it is Y. Okay. So, like I would have been better to keep um my Cloud9 on this specific turn.
 But my my thought process is kind of like okay like I like if I don't mega evolve I probably do need to go for either combine or protect and I can't go for combine because when he's got his encore. So even though it means that allowing the Charizard to get like a full power attack off I think it's still better here to go for the mega so I can like hypervoice. Here's a light screen.
That's great. That's honestly great. Getting light up is good. They may actually they may be going for moon blast here if they're not doing a prankster move. So, here's Moon Blast and the super effective, which is scary, but I do have the special defense boost from the light screen. No drop. Wow. Okay, thanks. 10% and key wave.
 This This is going to activate my Berserk, I'm pretty sure. Berserk. Okay, now I'm plus one. That's pretty good. My My end goal here is just to win with um My god, that's strong. I should I switch to Peliper here? Stop the Tailwind. What else they have? Wait, I have to I I got to enable that setting.
 Um like we're not counting on winning the game here with uh my thing, right? Like I I I I feel like they should go for tailwind, so I should switch to Peliper. But if they go for moon blast, I'd be in really big trouble. So I'm going to go for speed swap and hyper voice here. Not because I think it's going to work, but because it's I think it's kind of a necessary play.
 This basically forces them to tailwind. If they don't, I'll probably win the game on the spot. Screaming up is nice as well. Like they can go for tailwind here plus um heatwave, which will get Alakazam, but they'll lose both moms in the process. So I guess it's actually kind of difficult for them to make a choice here.
 Like their best play is to Oh, it's not this. Hello. Okay. Stramp up plus one special attack. Hypervoice uh switches speed with Alakazam suddenly adds to both Whimsicott and Charizard. Whimsicott does not go for a Tailwind instead like both itself and Charizard get knocked out here. This isn't even like I didn't even set up. Like I just clicked Hypervoice twice and I KO both of their maybe most important Pokemon.
Instin comes in, but uh they have to watch out cuz I do have Is it Garchomp? Yeah, I don't have a dragon move unfortunately. Um which is fine. So, actually, I can go I was going to go for reflect here, but now I I Oh, wait. My Alka is in a slow. Uh, let's just switch into Caliber. Let's just do it this turn.
 Protect cuz I want to go for like psychic here, but there's it's probably not correct. And then I got to hypervoice and weatherball next turn and just try and take out in that way. Okay, Alakazam switches. Yeah, because Al because speed swap resets when you switch out, Alakazam still has some value in this match because when it comes back in, it will then it will be like faster than both these Pokemon once more.
 I also should cover for like something like scarf on the um Garchomp, which is technically a possibility. We haven't seen the scarf yet. Comes out into Draa. That makes sense. We go for dragon claws as well into drampa also makes sense. So here we're just going to go for hyper whistarch. We want to put in range of psychic.
 Um we're going to go for weather ball into incinor. If there's scarf, nope, that's not right. It will outsp speed my draa. But my hope is that weather ball will get instant regardless. And then like if it's if it's if I'm up with multiple Pokemon left, I should always win. Yeah. Like Okay, so the reason why I'm using Alexand has inner focus.
 There's like three Pokemon in the game that get speed swap and Alakazam is the fastest. Wolf, enjoy your time in Italy, bro. I'm back. I'm back. God, it's so strong. Every time I think I'm ready for how much damage it's going to do, it does it just does so much. Okay, it goes down, but it's more than done enough.
 It's done like basically 300% damage to the opponent out of like the opponent's 400 pizza. Pizza's good. What? Okay, goes down. And then we'll go Yeah, we'll go into Alakazam. Let Alakazam finish it. You know, I never really liked Alakazam to be honest. I know it's a popular Pokemon, but it's not one that I feel any like Okay. Yeah.
 warmth towards, but this is definitely this is definitely raising my estimation. Mega Skolope potential here. Um, this team has a lot of strong Pokemon, but they don't have that many Pokemon except for Hydragon, which damaged Draa. So, I'm going to do one, two. I do think this is probably a Sinisha matchup to be honest.
 Is Scillin a physical attacker or a special attacker? I think it's mixed. Right. Last Pokemon. I don't think Scissors needed here. I don't think I can. I think um Peliper is fine, right? because it's good into Ninetailes and it's good into um Oh, they do also have this Ninetails I got to watch out for. Yeah, this is a little bit spooky. The Ninetails and Hydragon here specifically are a little bit spooky.
 Um I have Scizor as an option for Ninetailes, but it's they have double fire types. So I could I could leave Sinisha and bring Basil Legion here, but I think I need Sinisha because I think otherwise tricker is kind of scary for me. Does Pokemon stay mega evolved to be switched out? Yes, it does. Dynamax would lo you'd lose it, but uh Mega Evolution and Terra stay villain and ferig. Okay, cool.
I don't know if Skoill is a physical or special attacker. And I also forget. Oh, they might be in trouble. They may be in large trouble. Hold on a second. Because I think that in theory burn can help me proc my thing a bunch. Let's do combine light screen here. Mega. Uh, no. Let's not do that. Let's do it. Mega com lightcreen.
 Okay, it is skill villainite. I assume this is a special attacker, but I don't know. What is it? It gets spicy extract. They can do something with that. I think berserk is a cool ability on Draa. I think people aren't excited about it, but I do think it's like it has pretty high potential upside.
 Also, the Salazam is kind of doing kind of doing work, right? Let's see what they do with the disco villain here. They leech seed into disco villain. Oh, that's not good. It's a bulky thing. Although, like it's not the end of the world. They go for hypervoice. Okay. Getting some good damage here. I see. They're going to try and like whittle me down, I guess.
Okay. Now, I just want to go for hyperwoice and psychic, I think, and chaos. Go villain. I'm taking actually a lot of damage. Um, I'm going to calm mind here and speed swap. Do I want to speed swap? Yeah, I can always do it again next turn, right? If they trick him, they switch for a graph out. Okay, into nine tales.
 All right, that's what they go for here. Oh, rage powder. I didn't even What does this go villain set? Hello. So, now I'm as fast as Now they're even faster. That can't be good. Hello. That can't be good. Nice play. Really nice play. Okay, cool. Um I am plus two is the thing. Does is this going to proc my uh my thing now? By the way, they're actually they actually are succeeding in whittling me down, which I wasn't expecting. Dang. Just barely not enough.
Um, but I am plus two on light screen, so I think I can go for uh No, no, no. I caught mine a third time. Who else think it? I could I could speed swap again. I could speed swap again. I'm going to hypervoice and switch to Peliper. I think I think I believe in Draa to survive a hit here with plus two and light screen.
Okay, Alakazam switching. When you switch out, the the speed swap resets, by the way. So, I'm back to my base my original base speed. Okay, here's Rain. They go over Flamethrower into Pell. Okay, lose my sash. That's right. Let's see what they over with Ninetails here. Oh my god, I'M GETTING COOKED. I'M ACTUALLY GETTING COOKED. THIS IS INSANE.
THIS IS ACTUALLY I CAN'T BELIEVE WHAT I'M witnessing here. I'm I'm just screwed. Encore Ninetailes. Ridiculous. Okay, cool. Uh I think I'm I've just It's over, right? I don't see Wait, do I get Berserk? I don't get Berserk. So, I'm on for a couple more turns. That's not good. Look at my poor guy.
 He's He should be winning, but he's losing. I'm not switching. Okay, I go into Cinda. I guess they predicted the Sinisha switching in there. That's why they flamethrower. They switch nils out. Okay, the thing is Oh, it's Fri again. Okay, the thing is it's not over yet. Like, actually get back my health. I go for protect. So, protect flamethrower, leech seed, and rage powder here.
 And I go for a fourth comp. Okay, I go for a fourth combine here. If Draa is able to attack, he's going to explode the opponent. But is he able to attack? Okay, now they're going to switch Fergraph back into Ninetail. So, I can switch Sinisha back into Peliper preemptively. Then I have to combine. I'm pretty sure I survive flamethrower in the in the snow.
Although I don't I don't know. I mean, I don't know any of these stats, right? But flamethrower is not that strong. Sinisha is pretty bulky. Encore ends this turn. So, if I if this turn goes well, this lead is doing so much damage. I wish they nerfed it. I'M MAD. OH, WAIT. YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH. WAIT, WAIT, WAIT. deleting hyper voice.
Is that going to activate berserk chat? I think you're about to see a world first. I think you're about to witness plus six mega drampa inside trick room. I even when I built this team, I never even considered what would happen if I got to plus six. And encore ends the same turn I set tricker room. Light screen is gone, but oh yeah, I forgot about light screen. Wow.
 Yeah, I wasn't even then I really wasn't in danger. Hello. No. No. They disconnected. No. My my sweep. Please. Please come back. No. Let me click hypervoice. I just need a couple turns to cl HyperVoice. Please. They didn't even use the run button. They rage quit. They just turned their switch off. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you.
 They turned it back on. Oh, feels good. Please let me click it. Please, just let me attack. They said, "Yeah, use that move again." And Dar said, "You know what? I think I will use that move again. That's a good idea." And went to plus plus six special attack, plus five special defense. Yeah. Yes. Who would win? Uh, three special attackers and one unrevealed Pokemon or the calmst grandpa of all time.
 And the nice thing is that life to here sinister is really the MVP because it not only set the um it not only set up you. I mean it was it was yeah it was over. And of course the Vaporeon admirer. Oh my god. That's BM. Boo boo.
